{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 As it turned out, Avery\'92s ribs were not broken, although they were bruised badly enough that he winced in pain whenever he stooped over or stood up too quickly. His household staff hadn\'92t been murdered, as he\'92d feared. They\'92d been rendered unconscious by the doctor\'92s brutish accomplice, but they had recovered well enough. Soon, the doctor\'92s visit was little more than a bad memory, and Avery was back to his usual routine, with one singular exception. Much as he resented the doctor for burdening him with the responsibility of tutoring Jack, he could not fault the boy.\
In fact, his young apprentice was an admirable student, with a tireless work ethic, an aptitude and an eagerness to comprehend whatever lesson Avery was trying to impart, and the keen interest that only a child can have. Of course, he had spat on Avery\'92s face, but he had since apologized, and the act had been encouraged by Dr. Jekyl. Once away from the doctor\'92s influence, the boy\'92s behavior was considerably different.\
He was quiet, patient, and intelligent. Avery soon came to feel that he had misjudged Jack. That cruel look he thought he\'92d seen in Jack\'92s eyes was imagined, more likely a result of Avery\'92s prejudice against the boy\'92s strange looks than anything else.\
Jack was an avid reader, as Avery came to find out. He devoured Avery\'92s texts on clockmaking, but on more than one occasion, he had caught the boy reading penny dreadfuls. 
\i The Mysteries of London
\i0  was his favorite\'97and he enjoyed pretending that he was Anthony Tidkins, the graverobber from the stories. The Resurrection Man.\
In his spare time, Jack began to apply Avery\'92s lessons and those gleaned from the pages of his books to tinkering with little gadgets and inventions of his own devising. Avery saw no harm in letting him borrow scraps from his pile to devote to these side projects. Jack\'92s surgical knowledge, and his small, steady hands, proved useful in clockmaking, and Avery felt certain that given enough time, Jack would eventually surpass even him.\
He showed him how to make a simple simple pocket watch, and Jack replicated it perfectly. He presented Jack with a broken clock and asked him to repair it. It was ticking away within half an hour.\
After a while, Avery actually came to enjoy having the boy around, even if he was only there because of the doctor\'92s threats. As the days turned to weeks and the weeks to months, the doctor\'92s return loomed ominously on the calendar. Avery was saddened to think that he would lose his student.\
Eventually, he decided to broach the subject with Jack. \'93Perhaps when the doctor returns, you could continue to study with me,\'94 he said, \'93If you like.\'94\
Avery wasn\'92t sure what he\'92d been expecting. Gratitude, perhaps? Eagerness? Instead, he received a cold look, the same deadpan stare that he\'92d first seen upon meeting Jack. He hadn\'92t imagined it, after all.\
\'93I see little need for that,\'94 Jack replied. \'93I\'92m beginning to feel I\'92ve already learned everything you can possibly teach me.\'94\
Avery clenched his fist, his hand shaking violently. He reminded himself that Jack was just a boy, and that he\'92d had a rather queer upbringing. Perhaps with the right mentor, Jack could still learn to refine his behavior, his manners.\
\'93I find that clockmaking shares a great deal in common with surgery, but it is much simpler, by comparison. After all, what are human beings if not incredibly complicated machines?\'94 Jack continued. \'93Having mastered surgery, clockmaking seems beneath my skill. Any child could do it.\'94\
Avery snorted. \'93You 
\i are
\i0  a child,\'94 he reminded Jack.\
He would not stand here and have his trade so crudely insulted. Any hint of the patient, passionate boy Avery had come to know and love was gone, replaced with the cruel, arrogant brat who\'92d spat on his face. He recognized a duality in Jack, a duality he\'92d once seen in himself when the disease had taken hold of him. Avery was not the same man that had killed and eaten his family, just as Jack was not the same boy who\'92d spat on his face and who stood before him now. This version of Jack was someone different, a second personality that lay dormant within him.\
All this time that Avery had been teaching Jack the art of clockmaking, the 
\i other
\i0  Jack had been there, somewhere distant in the dark recesses of Jack\'92s mind. It wasn\'92t sickness that brought him forth, at least not a physical sickness. Perhaps a mental illness, or perhaps it was just that duality that exists in all men.\
Avery took a deep breath. \'93You overestimate your own skill as a clockmaker,\'94 he said, \'93And you underestimate the complexity of clocks. Your analogy is apt; people are indeed like complicated machines, but the tools used in clockmaking are vastly different from those used by a surgeon. We use calipers and die plates, rivet pliers, and turns, where surgeons use scalpels, bone saws, and forceps. We work with metal, where surgeons deal in flesh. What makes a clock tick is not the same as what makes a man tick.\'94\
Jack raised an eyebrow. At least, Avery had his attention.\
\'93Do you know what it\'92s called when a timepiece includes a feature  that goes beyond simply displaying hours and minutes?\'94\
\'93Complications,\'94 he answered.\
Avery was hardly surprised that Jack already knew the answer. He would have read a dozen books on the subject by now.\
\'93So far, I\'92ve only taught you simple movements. Perhaps that was my mistake. I\'92m not accustomed to having a student. No wonder you\'92re beginning to tire of horology. Why don\'92t we try something with complications?\'94\
Jack smiled, and nodded enthusiastically. The 
\i other
\i0  Jack was gone again. Like a leech sucking the bad blood out of an infected wound, it was boredom that drew out the 
\i other
\i0  Jack. The doctor had warned him that Jack was easily susceptible to boredom. Only now did Avery grasp what that meant.\
\'93It is my firm belief that clocks can be just as complicated as people, depending on the skill of the clockmaker,\'94 Avery told him. \'93If man is made by god, and machine is made by man, suppose you could build a machine as complex as man. What would that make you?\'94\
\'93God,\'94 Jack answered.\
Avery nodded. \'93Now, tell me. Are you still bored?\'94}