{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Dead London has elements of horror, adventure, science fiction, fantasy, and of course steampunk. I\'92m not sure it\'92s frightening enough to call it horror, although there are gorey and (possibly) frightening scenes. Even the steampunk elements are relatively light. How would you classify Dead London\'92s genre?\
{\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Speaking of frightening and gory scenes, which scene did you find most frightening or unsettling, if any? What about that scene was unsettling?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If there was one character you felt was a bit underdeveloped, who was it, and why? Was there any character you wanted to know more about?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who was your favourite character, and why?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Which was the greater threat\'97the zombies or the Resurrectionists? \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The "reveal" of Annabel's prosthetic arm is meant to be a surprise, both to the reader, and to Jonathan, although there are small hints earlier in the novel. Did her mechanical arm come as a surprise to you? Was it an effective reveal?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As a writer, I have attempted to balance horror and suspense with witty conversation and a bit of humour. Were there any moments that had you laughing aloud, smiling in appreciation of a character's wit, did you find yourself groaning at the poor attempts at humour, or was the humour so subtle\'97or perhaps simply not funny\'97as to be missed entirely?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As Dead London is the start of a series, I have deliberately left a number of the reader\'92s questions unanswered by the end. Were there any unanswered questions you felt 
\i should
\i0  have been resolved before the end of the book?}