{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E449DCE3-1066-4D99-81C5-AD167D8D4819"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93I was still new to my profession. Until very recently I\'92d been picking pockets and stealing things that were of very little worth to anyone. That all changed when I met a man who wanted to steal something more valuable. His name\'97when I met him\'97was Jack Bernhardt. I had met him previously, and he had been kind to me. I began to see him more regularly, and he would occasionally buy me lunch. Sometimes, he would bring me a clean dress or a new hat. Simple enough presents that might not have meant much at all to an ordinary person, but I was a street girl. An orphan. To me, it meant the world. I came to think of him like an older brother. He looked out for me, and he asked nothing in return. So, when at last he did ask something of me, you can imagine my answer.\'94}}
\f0\fs28 \
\'93What did he want you to steal?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93Research.\'94\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\fi337\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \'93Why? What sort of research?\'94 asked Mr. Palmer.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \'93Bernhardt was a doctor. A physician. Although he was somewhat of a Jack of all trades\'97no pun intended. Eventually I learned that he had been conducting scientific experiments\'97of all sorts. He also enjoyed tinkering with rather whimsical inventions. Clockwork dolls and such things. He was something of a genius, and had apparently been a child prodigy, too. According to some of his friends, who I met through my association with him, he never spent a single day in school. I\'92m not sure if that\'92s true, but that\'92s what they said. He learned it all from books, and from his mentor. But his real talent was people. He understood people, was quick to recognize their talents and their weaknesses, and to apply their strengths to his own ends. He often collaborated with other scientists, or hired them to work on his projects. And when others refused to work for him, he would use me.\'94}