{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jonathan crept along the dimly lit hallway, the undulating tones of the siren reverberating throughout the facility. Their plan had already failed, if the Resurrectionists knew they were here. He could have killed Palmer for his betrayal. If Roderick or Miss Monday ended up hurt because of it, he really would.\
He needed to hurry, though. Abandoning stealth, he raced down the hallway toward the laboratory. As he rounded the corner, the siren sound cut off, and Jonathan nearly ran straight into a pair of Resurrectionists. He came to an abrupt halt and held his breath. They had their backs to him, but it was nothing short of a miracle that they didn\'92t turn around and face him.\
He drew his gun just to be ready. Quietly, he doubled back around the corner, and positioned himself so that he could see them, but they could not see him so easily.\
The one on the left was a woman. She had dark brown skin, and her hair was neatly braided into cornrows. Jonathan watched as she pulled her mask down over her face and looked out through the tinted glass of the mask\'92s eyes.\
\'93Put your mask back on,\'94 she said to her partner. \'93My fianc\'e9e\'92s gaze can be somewhat intoxicating.\'94\
The man snorted. \'93I\'92m sure I can resist Mr. Sinews\'92 charms.\'94\
Jonathan clamped his hand over his mouth to suppress a gasp. Parson Sinews\'92 fianc\'e9e was a Resurrectionist? He wondered if Sinews knew. No wonder she\'92d been at Lord Connor\'92s. Jonathan was hardly surprised to learn that Sinews\'92 taste in women tended towards the exotic.\
\'93I wouldn\'92t be so sure, Mr. Grundy,\'94 she replied.\
Jonathan\'92s eyes widened. Of all the Resurrectionists Jonathan could have run into, here was Solomon Grundy, the man he\'92d first met at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade, along with Miss Lucy Marshall. The woman with Grundy now was not Miss Marshall, but another woman, who Jonathan didn\'92t recognize.\
As they rounded the next corner of the hallway, Jonathan followed, gun at the ready. If they turned and spotted him, he would enjoy putting a bullet into Grundy\'92s arrogant face. As for Mr. Sinews\'92 fianc\'e9e, he wasn\'92t so sure. Could he really shoot an unarmed woman, even if she was a Resurrectionist? He was about to find out.\
He followed them around the next corner, then came to a halt. The Resurrectionists stood in front of the holding cells. Jonathan could make out the shadowy figure of the prisoner in the cell. It was Parson Sinews.\
\'93Hello, Parson,\'94 said the woman. \'93My name is Dr. Mircalla Karnstein, and this is Solomon Grundy. We\'92re here to take you to Chateau d\'92If.\'94\
Again, Jonathan\'92s eyes widened at what he was hearing. He recalled Miss Monday\'92s story about going to Haiti with Anthony Tidkins. They\'92d met with  a woman named Mircalla Karnstein. A dark-skinned woman who wore her hair in cornrows. It had to be the same woman. He remembered that Monday had learned Dr. Karnstein\'92s real name.\
\'93Camille,\'94 said Parson Sinews. \'93Did you think I wouldn\'92t recognize you?\'94\
\'93Darling,\'94 she said, soothingly.\
\'93Mircalla?\'94 he said with a sneer. \'93A clever alias, I grant you. A pseudonym within a pseudonym.\'94\
\'93So you\'92ve read, Carmilla?\'94 she asked.\
\'93The name suits you. Carmilla was a deceptive whore.\'94\
\'93Time to go, Mr. Sinews,\'94 said Grundy, interrupting the lover\'92s quarrel.\
Jonathan wondered how Mr. Sinews had guessed Dr. Karnstein\'92s identity so easily. Was her voice so familiar to him that he could recognize it despite the strange distortion of the gas mask? Or were her movements and mannerisms so distinct that he could recognize her despite her face being covered? Then again, maybe it was the cornrows that gave her away.\
Jonathan watched as a couple of guards appeared, opened the door of Sinews\'92 cell, and led him from it. Jonathan stepped out into the hallway and raised his pistol. Sinews saw him first, and ducked to avoid being shot.\
Jonathan fired, hitting one of the guards in the shoulder. The Resurrectionists cried out in surprise. Though Sinews was bound at the wrists, with his arms tied behind his back, he leapt into action. He twisted his arms, with a sickening pop as his shoulders dislocated, to get his arms in front of him. Then, grabbing the second guard around the neck, he used the ropes that bound his wrists to begin strangling the man.\
Jonathan fired another shot, putting yet another bullet into the first guard. Meanwhile, Solomon Grundy managed to grab the guard\'92s gun out of his belt. He leveled it at Jonathan and fired, missing narrowly. Jonathan ducked back around the corner as another bullet struck the wall he\'92d been standing in front of just a second ago. The smell of cordite filled the air.\
Grundy fired another shot as warning, forcing Jonathan to stay put. He wondered how Sinews was faring, and risked sticking his head out to look. Grundy nearly took his head off with another bullet. Jonathan sucked in a breath, and retreated behind the wall again.\
If he\'92d known what type of gun Grundy carried, he might have been able to count his ammunition, and mount his counter-attack while Grundy was reloading. As it was, he had no idea how well-fortified his adversaries were. He couldn\'92t risk firing without seeing what he was looking at, or he\'92d be just as likely to hit Parson Sinews as to hit the Resurrectionists. And he couldn\'92t risk stepping out without being fired upon himself. For now, the Resurrectionists had the upper hand. There was nothing he could do but wait and be ready.\
He heard Grundy\'92s voice, distinct only in that it was deeper than Dr. Karnstein\'92s. \'93Take him. I\'92ll deal with Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
Jonathan grinned. Outnumbered, the Resurrectionists had the upper hand. But given the chance to fight Grundy one-on-one, Jonathan would take his chances any day. He still had four bullets in his pistol, more than enough to take out Solomon Grundy.\
\'93Come out and face me, Jonathan,\'94 he called out arrogantly.\
Instead, Jonathan waited. He would fight Grundy, but he would do it on his own terms. He didn\'92t need to risk a fair fight.\
\'93Solomon Grundy,\'94 he shouted back, taunting, \'93Born on a Monday, christened on Tuesday.\'94\
\'93So, you know the rhyme?\'94 Grundy shouted back, his voice drawing nearer. He fired pistol, shattering bits of brick only inches from Jonathan\'92s face. \'93Married on Wednesday.\'94\
\'93Took ill on Thursday,\'94 Jonathan replied, sticking his arm out to fire back at Grundy.\
\'93Got worse on Friday,\'94 Grundy sneered, firing again, getting still closer to Jonathan, the bullet ricocheting loudly.\
By the sound of Grundy\'92s voice, the angle of his gunfire, Jonathan had formed a picture in his head of where Grundy was standing, and where his gun was pointed. He only hoped he was right.\
He stepped out into the hallway.\
\'93Died on Saturday,\'94 he said as he fired the first bullet.  He put two more in Grundy\'92s chest. \'93Buried on Sunday.\'94\
He watched as Grundy hit the ground and lay still. The two guards lay dead by the door to Sinews\'92 cell, but there was no sign of Karnstein or Sinews.\
\'93That was the end of Solomon Grundy,\'94 he muttered as he stepped over the body, not feeling the least bit of pity for the man.\
He hurried along the hallway, reloading his pistol as he went. He rounded the next corner, hoping to catch sight of Sinews and Karnstein. Instead, the hallway was overrun by zombies.}