{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Parson Sinews\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Role in Story:\
	Protagonist/Anti-hero\
	Occupation:	\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 Critic\
\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 Physical Description:	\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Devilishly handsome, he has dark eyes and striking features, a face seemingly without even a blemish. Dark windswept hair, impeccably dressed\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 Personality:	\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 A sardonic sense of humour and a cynical disposition are Parson\'92s wards against his torturous passion for things of beauty: in particular, his singular love, Rachelle, the woman who (impossibly) stole his heart.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Habits/Mannerisms:	\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Parson is a gentleman in every sense of the word: utterly polite, articulate, and attentive to the wants and needs of his companions. He is quick-witted and equally quick to judge those who displease him. He has a sharp mind and a wicked temper, yet he can be incredibly gentle-mannered when it suits him.\
\
Parson has many of the habits of an arrogant man, among them: dispensing with his own brand of wisdom. He often speaks in witticisms with any who might listen. These aphorisms may not be accurate or even truthful; they are merely Parson\'92s vision of the world as he sees it.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone \'93Morality means avoiding one's pleasures, feeling guilty about enjoying oneself, allowing lawmakers to determine our actions, and behaving sensibly at all times. Therefore it is to be avoided at all costs.\'94\
\
\'93Procrastination is not a vice. It is merely the act of putting one's idle pleasures in priority above one's responsibilities. It is one of my chiefest enjoyments.\'94\
\
\'93Punctuality is a flaw of character; it suggests a denial of self characteristic of the meek and powerless. There is nothing as intolerable as self denial.\'94\
\
\'93Conversation is a gateway drug.\'94\
\
\'93Those first on the scene of the crime are always questioned but never suspected.\'94\
\
\'93Pleasure and pain are indistinguishable, at the best of times. Even at the worst of times it would be difficult to choose a favourite.\'94\
\
\'93To be charming without being kind is not a fault; it is a talent. To be kind without being charming; that is indeed a fault. One must always be charming, whatever the cost.\'94\
\
\'93The worst atrocities are always done with the best of intentions.\'94\
\
\'93When you wish to be kind, lie cunningly. When you wish to be cruel, be honest. The most cunning of lies will never bring about the tear-shed brought on by brutal honesty.\'94\
\
\'93Honesty is not a prerequisite of kindness. There is nothing so ruthless as to tell the truth.\'94\
\
\'93It is only by living one's life in stealth, tiptoeing through the shadows unseen and unheard that one can hope to avoid making of enemies. I dare not hope to tread so softly. One does not leave a mark on the world without a few bloodied footprints. The true measure of a man is not the number of his friends, but the number of his enemies. Henry VIII, Guy Fawkes, and Jack The Ripper, these were men with enemies; these were men of distinction.\'94\
\
\'93The world craves the grotesque and the arabesque. Those who pretend at beauty deceive themselves.\'94\
\
\'93The truly beautiful is tragedy.\'94\
\
\'93One must feel the pleasure of horror and the horror of pleasure. One cannot exist without both.\'94\
\
\'93The man who feels mirth and no sorrow is a fiction.\'94\
\
\'93The most selfish act in the world is to bear children. The second most selfish act in the world is to not have children. The only way to do neither is to do both and that is to adopt.\'94\
\
\'93I cannot see the allure of selflessness. Nothing is ever gained from it.\'94\
\
\'93Money may not buy happiness, but nor can poverty. Money, at least, can buy pleasure, which is like happiness, only exaggerated and temporary. If money cannot buy happiness, let it be used for something better. Let it be spent on pleasure.\'94\
\
\'93Debt is the privilege of the wealthy. Poor is the man who has nothing. Rich is the man who has less than nothing, for he has spent it all.\'94\
\
\'93Honesty is overrated. Lies become us.\'94\
\
\'93Rather the devil who lets us sin than the god who lets us supplicate.\'94\
\
\'93Impatience is a virtue. The fates favour those who make things happen, not those who wait for things to happen.\'94\
\
\'93Wise is the man who admits his own incompetence.\'94\
\
\'93Depravity is an utter necessity. Without it, beauty would hold no meaning, and beauty is undeniably necessary.\'94\
\
\'93Sincerity is a dreadful thing. One should never be sincere. One should always be fanciful. The best things in life are always full of fancy.\'94\
\
\'93Absinthe makes the heart grow fonder.\'94\
\
\'93Comedies always end well, but tragedies always begin well. And all things begin with beginnings.\'94\
\
\'93Life is a game of cards. One half of it is luck. The other half is bluffing.\'94\
\
\'93I\'92m all for romance; it's love I'm against. Love makes moths of us all, and none can resist its flame.\'94\
\
\'93People will take advantage of a man's good nature. It is only by dispelling with one's own good nature that man can hope to avoid this pitfall.\'94\ul \
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ulnone \
\ul \'a0 	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Background:	\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
\cf0 Largely inspired by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle\'92s Sherlock Holmes, Parson Sinews takes the concept of the flawed hero to a new level. Mr. Sinews is the main character in Allen\'92s Street \'96 and a true antihero, if not an outright villain.\
\
He also functions as the trope/archetype known as The Magnificent Bastard: \'93If there was ever a character that deserved to be called \'93Magnificent\'94, that character is the Magnificent Bastard\'85Bold, charismatic, independent, and audacious. Capturing the audience with his charisma, incredible intellect, mastery of manipulation, and boldness of action, this character is a show-stealer, demanding your reverence at every turn. \
\
\'93So what makes a character a Magnificent Bastard? Let's break it down: \
\'95	He is brilliant and utterly devious to an almost breathtaking, mind-boggling degree. Call it genius, call it virtual omniscience, but he always seems to know what everyone else is planning at any given moment, and exactly how to arrange the game so he wins even when he is defeated.\
\
\'95	He is a smooth operator. He always knows exactly what to say to position you where he wants you, always has a backup strategy and never loses his cool. Even if on the remote chance something happens that wasn't in his plans, you'd never know it from his actions.\
\
\'95	He has a goal, he's not going to stop until he's completed it, whatever it is. To that end he will do almost anything. He'll move heaven and hell. Despite his choice of tactics, he is rarely if ever pointlessly cruel, and has a reason for everything he does. \
\
\'95	He is charismatic, often charming, his personality like a physical force. People tend to like him, sometimes even when they know he isn't on their side, and even those who hate his guts have to admit respect. Even when at his darkest, he has traits which one can't help but admire.\
\
Other common aspects of a Magnificent Bastard (and Parson Sinews himself) include being a \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/SharpDressedMan"}}{\fldrslt Sharp Dressed Man}},\'94 and \'93Wicked Cultured.\'94\
\
\'93A key difference that separates the Magnificent Bastard from other character tropes\'85is the Bastard's willingness to step onto the playing field in person. The risks are obvious, but the strategic advantages are numerous.\
\
\'93While usually an antagonist, the Magnificent Bastard can be aligned on either side of a conflict. Hell, he's so amazing he tends to forgo the idea of good and evil all together, instead following his own agenda, choosing to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/PlayingBothSides"}}{\fldrslt help whichever side}} will further his goals. However, it's true that his penchant for manipulation at the expense of others means it's common for him to be a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Villain"}}{\fldrslt Villain}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/VillainProtagonist"}}{\fldrslt Villain Protagonist}}, or at least an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AntiHero"}}{\fldrslt Anti-Hero}}.\'94 In this case, his quest to prove his innocence in the murder of his fianc\'e9e becomes a mission for bloody (let\'92s emphasize that word again: bloody) vengeance. As he would point out: \'93Does the nation weep for the death of a fallen soldier? Yes, certainly. But not the way a mother weeps for the death of her child, nor the way a husband mourns the loss of his wife. These were not murders I have committed, not boys I have slain; these were acts of war.\'94\
\
Lauded as a gentleman in popular society \'96 on the surface, he\'92s handsome, charming, and possessing of a sharp wit \'96 but feared and hated by those who have heard and believe the rumours.\
If you believe his own stories, he is Chaos incarnate, the Egyptian God Seth and the brother to the Three Fates of Greek Mythology, all wrapped up in one. If you believe the rumours, he\'92s a villain, a sadist, a criminal, an opium addict, an absinthe enthusiast, a murderer (his bribes, they say, have bought him immunity amongst the corrupt police force), an Irishman, and a vampire. The truth: Parson is a mere man; still, his intellect, influence, affluence, and temperament all serve to disprove any sense of ordinariness.\
\
His attire is dark, which does nothing to disprove the rumour of vampirism: black, pin-striped pants, a white long-sleeved shirt, black vest and long overcoat. A gold chain on his vest leads to an old pocket watch, which sticks out of his pocket. In his brown leather gloves he holds a long black walking stick with a glass pommel. A moth is entrapped in the dome of glass like a fly in amber.\
\
Besides Sherlock Holmes, Parson Sinews is inspired by Oscar Wilde\'92s famous Dorian Gray and Lord Henry Wotton, and also by Edward Moon (from Jonathan Barnes\'92 The Somnambulist).\
\
He is also a capable fighter and marksman, having studied the Canne de Combat fighting style and possessing a sizeable collection of firearms.\
\
It should also be noted that Parson Sinews is more or less invulnerable to pain; in fact, following the death of Rachelle, he has rather come to enjoy the sensation (\'93Pleasure and pain are indistinguishable at the best of times. Even at the worst of times it would be difficult to choose a favourite.\'94)\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Internal Conflicts:	\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
\cf0 While Parson may seem to be cold and unfeeling, harsh and condemning, if not outright evil, these traits are the defencive walls he\'92s built up for himself to keep his demons at bay. In truth, he has a passionate (yet grievously wounded) heart. The death of his love has left him not merely broken but utterly destroyed.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	External Conflicts:	 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
\cf0 \ul \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
\cf0 \ulnone Parson\'92s desires nothing more than to put aside his grief. Without the fires of vengeance burning in his mind, the torments of his loss would devour his soul from the inside out. With that in mind, his intent to find and destroy Rachelle\'92s murderer becomes a desperate and bloody quest.\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0 	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Notes:	\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
}