{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi567\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel Grey arrives at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade with only one thing on her mind\'97robbing Lord Connor blind. But when she breaks into his study, 
\f1 h
\f0 e attacks her, giving her no choice but to put a bullet in his head.\
Jonathan, heir to the Grimmer Publishing Company, has ulterior motives of his own when he heads to Connor\'92s ball. He suspects Connor is a member of the Resurrectionists, a secret society of scientists wanted for a series of brutal murders. His hopes of confronting Connor are dashed when he discovers Connor dead at the hands of Annabel.\
After robbing Connor\'92s safe, Annabel sneaks away, leaving Jonathan to deal with the body, but soon runs into Resurrectionists, who demand she hand over the envelope. They immediately open it, revealing a vial of green liquid, which they use to turn Connor\'92s guests into zombies. Annabel barely makes it out alive.\
Meanwhile, Jonathan makes his own escape, then heads to his friend Roderick\'92s house. Roderick is something of an expert on the Resurrectionists. Roderick heads to Connor\'92s mansion himself to see what he can learn, while Jonathan meets Parson Sinews, an acquaintance of Roderick\'92s, who may know something about the Resurrectionists. Sinews informs Jonathan that the Resurrectionists\'92 plan to use London as a testing ground for the zombie virus, calling the experiment The Dead London Project.\
Hoping to learn more about the Resurrectionists, Annabel searches for Jonathan Grimmer; she believes he may know something about them. Her search leads her to the Grimmer Company headquarters, where she finds a hidden elevator that takes her to an underground Resurrectionist facility. She is briefly imprisoned following an encounter with the Resurrectionists, but manages to escape, with only a little help from Jonathan, along with Abraham Palmer, an editor at the Grimmer Company.\
Following their escape, Palmer explains that the underground facility was once used by Jonathan\'92s father, who had been secretly hunting zombies for years, even before the Resurrectionists released their zombie plague. The secret research facility was taken over by the Resurrectionists, when Jonathan\'92s father died.\
They decide to regroup aboard the Grimmer Company airship. There, Jonathan reunites with Roderick, introducing him to Annabel. As the zombie plague continues to spread, Roderick\'92s lover, R\'e9my, is killed. Roderick vows vengeance on the Resurrectionists, but the crew worries that the Resurrectionists may be the only people capable of finding a cure for the zombie virus. After all, the Resurrectionists have been studying the virus for years.\
With that in mind, the crew decides to steal the Resurrectionists\'92 research. They break into the underground facility, but they are betrayed by Palmer. He believes the Resurrectionists\'92 are their only hope of finding a cure, and that the research alone will not be enough. His betrayal nearly costs Annabel her life, but in the end, it\'92s Palmer that winds up dead. When she confronts the leader of the Resurrectionists, Anthony Tidkins, she can\'92t bring herself to kill him\'97it turns out that Annabel knew him once, and they were quite close\'97but Roderick puts a bullet in his head without a second thought.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 The remaining Resurrectionists manage to escape, and Roderick, Jonathan, and Annabel retreat to the airship. London is completely overrun by zombies by now, and they are forced to flee the city. As they fly off, they learn that a wall has been erected, quarantining the city. The wall is manned by Resurrectionists, who try to prevent their escape. With the help of the airship crew, Jonathan, Annabel, and Roderick battle their way out of the city and leave London behind.}