{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Miss Monday, n\'e9e Annabel Gray\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Role in Story:		Protagonist\
Occupation:		Thief\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Physical Description:	Viewed from the right angle, Miss Monday was stunning. With long ringlets of orange hair, a fair complexion and perfectly delicate features, that coy smile upon her lips was still her most captivating feature. She was smartly dressed in the height of fashion, with a cameo necklace and pearl earrings, a long skirt with a short bustle, in a rich green to match her one remaining eye and her silk gloves. She wore a corsage as if to give the impression that she had an escort with her, absent at the moment though he might be.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 From any other angle (and in any other mood), Miss Monday could be utterly terrifying. She boasted a long scar on that side of her face that was covered by the unusual contraption which covered her missing eye. She had the capacity to scowl in a way that was most dreadful, and there was an intensity in her remaining eye that could send chills up the spine of even the bravest of men. \u8232 \u8232 She carries a Derringer and a Colt, and wears gloves and layers of silk skirts to hide her pistols and her mechanical arm.\u8232 \u8232 Like the clockwork eye she straps to her face each morning, her arm is made of mechanical parts. Gears which click as she rotates her forearm, hydraulics which hiss as she flexes her artificial muscles. Each joint bears a keyhole. The key she wears like a pendant around her neck is used for winding up her arm like a music box. The arm is copper and brass and made with the same extraordinary workmanship of her mechanical eye. It moves with quiet motions, even as the gears whir and click.\
\
Personality:		Miss Monday tends to be highly sarcastic. She\'92s more or less fearless, as well as intelligent and resourceful. She cannot stand to be shown up, especially by men, and is constantly striving to prove her capableness. She is prone to air sickness, but is afraid of the unliving more than anything\'97so afraid, in fact, that she has trouble accepting that they\'92re real. She is ashamed of her disfigurements, and takes pains to hide them or make them less noticeable. She has trouble believing that anyone could love her, although she\'92s not afraid to use her feminine wiles to her advantage.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 She\'92s decisive, quick on her feet, and quickly able to grasp information. Her background has taught her to look out only for herself, to trust no one, and to take what she likes and give nothing back. Despite that, deep down she has a good heart.\
Habits/Mannerisms:	Miss Monday dresses smart and tends to follow the general rules of politeness, although her manners can at times be a bit rough. She\'92s also much too assertive (especially for a woman). She has a crass vocabulary and an unusual way with words, as well as a strange sense of humour.\
\
Background:		Miss Monday, n\'e9e Annabel Gray, was orphaned at an early age, and remembers very little of her parents. She learned to take care of herself, scrapping with the boys, stealing her meals, and eventually being adopted by Jack Bernhardt, who helped her to take her profession to the next level, not to steal for survival. He also helped her to form professional contacts, arranged to have her taught to use firearms, bartitsu, and manners. She was involved in several high-profile heists. She was also occasionally hired as an assassin.\
\
Internal Conflicts:		Miss Monday isn\'92t exactly 
\i haunted
\i0  by her criminal past, but she\'92s not proud of it either. She\'92s killed people and not all of them deserve it. She would like to redeem herself, although she wonders if that desire might be self-destructive; wouldn\'92t it be in her best interest if she just let the world burn? In other words, she\'92s softer than she would care to admit.\
\
External Conflicts:		Miss Monday, a hardened assassin, must battle the unliving alongside Mr. O. Together, they also fight the nefarious Resurrection Man, a man from Miss Monday\'92s past.\
\
Notes:		Monday is a relatively simple pseudonym. She was born on a Monday.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Miss Monday is a formidable sharpshooter. Whatever machinations had gone into the design of her prosthetic eye, it is more enhancement than replacement.}