{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Mrs. Elizabeth Grimmer\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Role in Story:		Support\
Occupation:		Chief Financial Officer\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Physical Description:	Grandness of stature was obviously a family trait; Mrs. Grimmer could in no way at all possible be considered small, especially for a lady; even in comparison to her son, she seemed a bit of a giant. As if by way of distracting from her impressive height, Mrs. Grimmer seemed to flaunt her exorbitant wealth, wearing it in jewels, perfume, and skirts.\
\
Personality:		Blunt, cold, sarcastic, and self-centred, Mrs. Grimmer is concerned about very little other than her own appearance and social standing. She maintains an acquaintanceship with the Queen Victoria, which she likes to bring up in conversation whenever possible.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Of course, there is more to Mrs. Grimmer than one might initially realise. While on the surface she seems self-centred and superficial, in truth, this is only her way of trying to control her emotions. At times she blames her son for the death of her husband, but she pretends that nothing bothers her, that she is just a bitter, materialistic woman. She cares deeply for her son, but she has difficulty reconciling the death of her husband.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li355\fi4\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Habits/Mannerisms:	She has a knack for annoyingly flawless punctuality.\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Background:		Although Mrs. Grimmer\'92s position as Chief Financial Officer amounted to little more than financier and glorified accountant, the Agency\'92s employees had become accustomed to taking directives from her. This was more to do with her habit of threatening to reduce funding to those departments whose agents failed to comply with her sometimes lofty demands than legitimate respect for her authority, but still. The adamant way in which she impressed her own importance upon the Agents seemed to be working.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 As a result, Mr. O, who was both Mrs. Grimmer\'92s son and the official Orchestrator of the Agency, found that his own ability to command respect was waning, while his mother seemed to increasingly hold more sway. Recently, he had even been forced to take on missions that Mrs. Grimmer lacked the authority to assign. Indeed, so long as the Agency continued to be privately funded by the Grimmer family fortune, Mr. O had little choice but to tolerate his mother\'92s interference.\
\
Internal Conflicts:		Mrs. Grimmer does wish to be a good mother to her son, but she\'92s not the best at showing her feelings. At least some aspects of her personality are affected, as a defence mechanism.
\i \

\i0 \
External Conflicts:		She must do what she can in the battle against the unliving. She does so while pretending to be uninterested and unconcerned.\
\
Notes:		Mrs. Grimmer is a widow; Mr. Grimmer was killed by Mr. O, his son, who at the time was infected with an early version of the Lazarus Virus. Although Mr. O was able to be cured, the current mutation of the plague is more robust, and cannot be cured so easily.}