{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Submission Guidelines
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 The Cooke Agency represents authors of literary fiction, commercial fiction (science fiction, fantasy, and crime), narrative non-fiction (specifically in the areas of popular culture, science, history, politics, and natural history), mind/body/spirit resources, and middle-grade and young adult books. We
\b  do not
\b0  represent illustrated, photographic or children's picture books, US political thrillers, or poetry. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 We do not represent original screenplays for theatre, film or television.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 Submission Process
\b0 \
We only accept electronic queries\'97no attachments. Emails should be directed to Elizabeth Griffin at egriffin@cookeagency.ca, but if you believe your submission is best suited for a particular agent please let us know. In the subject line, you must include "Author Query" to get around the spam filter. Also include your name and the title of your work.\

\b Note: We do not accept queries by postal mail. Hard submissions will not be read.
\b0 \
Your query should include:\uc0\u8232 \'97 the genre (e.g., fiction \'96 fantasy; non-fiction \'96 biography)\u8232 \'97 a brief description of the book (think jacket copy, not a play-by-play)\u8232 \'97 the approximate word count \u8232 \'97 if non-fiction, the table of contents\u8232 \'97 a 
\b brief
\b0  bio that includes your writing experience, relevant qualifications, published works, awards, etc. \uc0\u8232 \'97 your contact information \u8232 \'97 the submission history of the project\u8232 \'97 the first four pages of your manuscript copy and pasted into the body of the email 
\b (we will not open attachments attached to query letters)
\b0 \uc0\u8232 If we are interested to see more, we will then invite you to send further material\

\b Timing
\b0 \
We do our best to evaluate submissions within twelve weeks of when they were sent.
\b  \ul Due to an extremely high volume of queries, we do not\'a0respond personally to each one but we can assure you that every query is carefully read and considered. 
\b0 \ulnone You will not receive detailed criticism of your work unless we are interested in representing it.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Thank you for considering The Cooke Agency.}