{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Eric is eagerly acquiring fiction and nonfiction projects. He's actively seeking out new, diverse voices in Young Adult (particularly sci-fi and fantasy), New Adult, and Literary and Commercial Fiction (again, loves sci-fi and fantasy, but also thrillers and mysteries). In terms of nonfiction, he's interested in Cookbooks, Pop Culture, Humor, essay collections, and blog to book ideas. You can view his detailed manuscript wish list {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ericsmithrocks.com/2015/03/24/a-new-chapter-turning-a-page-insert-additional-book-metaphor-here"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 here}}. If you would like to send a query to Eric, please review our submission guidelines below. If you would like to learn more about him, please {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://psliterary.com/about_us.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 click or tap here}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 Please limit your submission to just a query letter that consists of the following:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Paragraph One - Introduction: Include the title and category of your work (i.e. fiction or nonfiction and topic), an estimated word count and a brief, general introduction.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Paragraph Two - Brief overview: This should read similar to back-cover copy.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Paragraph Three - Writer\'92s bio: Tell us a little bit about yourself and your background (awards and affiliations, etc.).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 Tips:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Do not send attachments
\b0 . Please use text within the body of your e-mail.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Please do not submit a full-length manuscript/proposal unless requested.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Always let us know if your manuscript/proposal is currently under consideration by other agents/publishers.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Address your query to the attention of the agent you feel is the best match for your work.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Please do not query multiple agents at the agency simultaneously - if you don't receive a response to your query within 4-6 weeks it means a no from the agency.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 We only accept submissions via e-mail. Queries should be directed to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:query@psliterary.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 query@psliterary.com}}.\uc0\u8232 We do not accept or respond to phone, paper or social media queries.\u8232 To learn more about our agents and to meet the rest of our team, please check our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://psliterary.com/about_us.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Who We Are page}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Please Note:
\b0 \ulnone  If we are interested in seeing material we normally respond within 4-6 weeks. However, the process may take longer depending on the volume of submissions we may be reviewing at a particular time. Please do not call to check on the status of your submission - if you have a question or concern with regard to your submission, e-mail is the best way to inquire.\
}