{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue31;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Thank you for considering The\'a0Booker Albert Literary\'a0Agency! We are always excited to discover new authors, and we look forward to receiving your queries. Below are our submission guidelines:\
\
We accept electronic queries only. \
\
Please check out our agent profiles under the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thebookeralbertagency.com/about-us.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 About Us}}\'a0tab\'a0(Please note: Our wonderful interns are\'a0
\b NOT\'a0
\b0 taking queries at this time). \
\
Send your queries to:\'a0query[at]thebookeralbertagency[dot]com\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 **Unsolicited queries e-mailed directly to the agents' individual addresses will not be read and will be deleted.**
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 What to include in your query\ulnone :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}A query and the first 10 pages of your manuscript copy/pasted\'a0into the body of an email (
\b NO ATTACHMENTS
\b0 , unless requested).\'a0\cf0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}In the subject line: please be sure to include \'93Query\'94 and the name of the agent you are querying, and the title of the manuscript.\'a0\cf0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Genre and word count.\cf0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Your name and contact information.\cf0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}If you have publishing credits, please give us relevant information: name of the book/anthology/story, publisher, publication date, sales info.\'a0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 Please do\'a0NOT\ulnone :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Send the entire manuscript without an agent requesting it.\'a0\
{\listtext	\'95	}Send a 'Dear Agent' email.\'a0\
{\listtext	\'95	}Send to multiple agents/agencies in the same email.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Send your materials as an attachment.\'a0\
{\listtext	\'95	}Query more than one agent at Booker Albert Agency.\'a0\
{\listtext	\'95	}Query our interns.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
If we are considering your work, please DO let us know if you receive an offer from another agent or an editor.\'a0 \
\
Please DO follow up with us AFTER eight weeks if we requested a partial/full of your manuscript.\
\
While we appreciate the effort and time that goes into writing your material, due to the amount of queries we receive, we can only reply to the submissions we are interested in. 
\b You should receive an auto-response letting you know we've received your query.
\b0 \'a0
\i Note: You will NOT receive an auto-response if you query our personal emails.
\i0  Please give us six-eight weeks to respond.\'a0
\b If you do not receive a response, please consider it a pass.\'a0 
\b0 \
\
\
Thank you!\
}