{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Roderick Steen\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Role in Story:	Protagonist In Subplot\
	Occupation:	Private Investigator\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Physical Description:	Blonde, blue-eyed, and brightly if not tastefully dressed, with silk ascots and colourful trousers, Roderick has curly hair and a carefully groomed moustache. He has a tattoo on his right foot, which he claims while in disguise as a sailor\'97for a case, he says\'97though in reality there was no case\'85just a rather handsome sailor.\
\
Personality:		Roderick Steen is an eccentric but brilliant dandy, often annoyed by being compared to Sherlock Holmes. \'93Somehow I failed to catch the homoerotic subtext in the Hounds of the Baskervilles.\'94 Roderick is a homosexual, a fact he hides only just barely and only from those he feels might be inclined to have him arrested. Otherwise, he is quite proud of his sexual deviancy. His constant companion, with whom he regularly converses, is a dog named Bailey, the Watson to his Holmes.\
\
Habits/Mannerisms:	As mentioned, he often talks to his dog, doing the voice of Bailey with a bit of ill-practiced ventriloquism. He has an excessive sweet tooth and often walks around barefoot. He does not drink or smoke, another glaring difference from him and the fictional Holmes.\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Background:		It would hardly have surprised anyone if Mr. Steen were to claim that vampires were real. If anything, it is his scepticism that is surprising. Most people believe in them, do they not? Ghosts, vampires, werewolves. What reason does anyone have to doubt their existence? Really, it is only the upper classes and the highly educated that refuse to believe in such things, and Roderick is middle class at best.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 His father had been a policeman, and an alcoholic. Edward Steen had made a decent salary as a detective at Scotland Yard, in spite of his inability to refuse a glass of whiskey when one was proffered. If Edward Steen was alive to this day, Roderick Steen did not know, nor care. He had distanced himself from his father in every way he possibly could.\
\
Internal Conflicts:		\
\
External Conflicts:		\
\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	Notes:	\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}