{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Part One\
- Chateau d\'92If is a Resurrectionist airship prison. The ship floats at a high altitude, refuels in mid-air, and rarely needs to make a landing. As a result, it\'92s impossible for the prisoners to escape without plummeting to their death. Nonetheless, one of the prisoners manages to escape.\
- London is under quarantine; the Resurrectionists who once manned the wall have been overthrown by the British military, who now man the walls. However, a rumour persists that they still operate a top secret facility, inaccessible because it\'92s within the quarantined London.\
- Annabel and Jonathan have spent the past few years searching for any trace of the Resurrectionists Dr. Jekyll and Mircalla Karnstein, hoping they may lead them to find Mrs. Grimmer; they believe she\'92s been taken to Chateau d\'92If. Along the way, they\'92ve been hunting down any zombies who have escaped the confines of London. Their work is officially sanctioned and funded by the Crown, but they suspect the Queen may have ulterior motives.\
- Roderick, meanwhile, has settled in Paris, where he continues his work as an artist and tries to live a relatively quiet existence.\
- Dr. Karnstein manages to track him down, she and her Resurrectionist cronies corner him, and ask for his assistance with locating an escaped prisoner. They don\'92t seem to know that he was responsible for Anthony Tidkins\'92 death\'97only that he helped the police solve a number of crimes.\
- Sinews, the escaped prisoner, has been following Dr. Karnstein. He sneaks up behind her and slits her throat. He then strips off her mask, and realizes it\'92s not her.\
- Roderick agrees to help Sinews, and sends a message to Jonathan, letting him know he\'92s found Parson Sinews.\
\
Part Two\
- Jonathan and Annabel meet Roderick and Parson in Paris, then head back to London. There, they convene at Sinews\'92 home in the countryside. Henry Charles Ocelot is waiting for them there, and has moved Sinews\'92 strange \'93opium den\'94 from London to the cottage.\
- Annabel, Roderick, and Jonathan are forced to reconsider their allies, but eventually decide to stick it out with Sinews, who promises to take them to the Resurrectionists\'92 new laboratory within London.\
- The crew manages to cross the London wall and get inside the quarantined area, which is overrun by zombies and filled with deadly poisoned gas. Using gas masks, they navigate the toxic city in order to hunt down the Resurrectionists and find Mrs. Grimmer.}