{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The distinctive ringing of metal sang out as Kasumi Hattori unsheathed her katana. She held her breath and rounded the corner, keeping her footsteps as soft and light as she could manage. Her quarry was only a few paces ahead and had yet to notice her presence. With a layer of putrid blood caked on her face and slathered on her clothes, she was all but invisible to the creature she was pursuing.\
In the near distance, somebody was crying out for help. The creature quickened its pace, staggering around the corner. Though it was only a little past noon, it was nearly lost in the darkness. What little light crept beyond the imposing shadow of London\'92s Great Wall was filtered through a thick haze of fog. She hurried after the creature, while it pursued its own prey, unaware that it was being followed.\
As she rounded the next corner, she took in the scene and raised her sword. The creature she\'92d been following was a woman, barely older than Kas, her hair wild and unkempt, her eyes lifeless, her teeth and chin stained with blood. The woman growled like an animal and reached out to grab the boy in front of her. The boy screamed, covered his eyes, and waited for the woman to tear into his flesh with her bare hands.\
Instead, her head struck the ground with a dull 
\i thud
\i0  and rolled across the cobblestones, still gnashing its teeth. Kas put her boot down on it with a satisfying 
\i crunch
\i0 . She wiped her sword on a rag and began to slide it into its sheath. She stopped halfway.\
\'93Were you bitten?\'94\
The boy had been limping. He was injured, sickly looking, and exhausted. This was why the woman had been able to overtake him so easily and why he hadn\'92t been fighting to his last breath. He was pale, dirty, and his pant leg was stained and crusted over with what looked like dried blood. He smelt of death.\
He shook his head. \'93No.\'94\
She\'92d heard that lie a hundred times before. No one ever admitted to the bite. People knew what it meant to be bitten. A voice in Kas\'92s head protested, 
\i liar! 
\i0 She would have to see for herself.\
She reached down and lifted his trouser leg, pealing away a layer of loose skin with it. He winced as she looked at his ankle. Bite marks. Deep. Nearly down to the bone. Black, necrotic flesh was already beginning to spread up his leg.\
She unsheathed her sword again.}