{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://71784661-CC19-4AAD-A08D-9955D044A977"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel Grey, better known by her alias, Miss Monday, had her arms full. In her left, a ring of keys to the cabins aboard the passenger steamboat 
\i Lady Bronte
\i0 , and in the right, an enormous trunk that should have taken two men to carry. The passengers to whom the trunk belonged gaped at her as she lifted it easily and marched toward the end of the pier.}}
\f0\fs28 \
Annabel had traded in her Miss Monday finery for the dockyard scrubs she now sported. Dirty trousers, plain shirt stained with grease, the sleeves rolled up, a tweed vest over that. She wore a cap on her head, and a tattoo on her left bicep. The tattoo was fresh, and still tender.\
Her right arm, by contrast, was all polished brass and leather straps. Pistons pumped and gears rotated as she flexed her metal bicep and climbed the steps of the steamship. The mechanical prosthesis was actually fused to her skin\'97the garish scars where the fleshy part of her arm ended were a brutal reminder of how she\'92d lost the arm all those years ago. Bitten and ravaged by the living dead, amputated by Anthony Tidkins.\
If Annabel never saw another zombie again, she would die a happy woman. This was just one of the reasons Annabel had ended up at the dockyards in Gravesend. The once-sleepy port town of Gravesend had boomed after London was overtaken by the zombies. It was now a flourishing city, populated by tourists and refugees alike, and its dockyards were among the busiest along the Thames. A dozen steamboats like the 
\i Lady Bronte
\i0  were docked here, not to mention the airships in the shipyard on the other side of town. With the sound of seagulls in the sky, and the bustle of passengers and dock-workers, Annabel just prayed the town would be spared from London\'92s fate. She didn\'92t know how they got out, but they did; every so often she\'92d hear stories of a zombie wandering into town and taking someone by surprise. Annabel wouldn\'92t be caught by surprise. She was keeping her ear to the ground. She wasn\'92t looking for zombies though. She was looking for Resurrectionists.\
She stepped off the pier and headed up the ramp to board the ship.\
\'93Where would ye like this?\'94 she asked. After years spent mastering the refined speech of a lady, she\'92d abandoned it entirely in order to pass as a dock worker.\
\'93They\'92ve given us Cabin Number Twelve,\'94 the gentleman answered.\
\'93Twelve, twelve. Ah, here it is,\'94 she said, finding a key with the number twelve.\
She slid the key into the lock and opened the door. Cabin twelve turned out to be one of the master suites, a lavishly decorated room lined with gilt and floral-patterned furniture, a smoking room, a lady\'92s powder room, and a king size bed.\
\'93In the bedroom?\'94 she asked.\
\'93Yes, yes, the bedroom will do,\'94 said the gentleman.\
\'93Right you are, guv, I\'92ll just let ye get settled then,\'94 she said, plunking down the trunk in the bedroom.\
Once she was out of sight, she quickly popped open the lock, making use of the lock-picking kit she\'92d had installed in her arm, courtesy of a mechanic she\'92d met a year earlier in Dartford. She had a quick rummage through the family\'92s belongings. There was nothing to connect the family to the Resurrectionists, so the mission was a bust, but she did come across a diamond necklace, which she tucked into her trousers. 
\i Not bad for an honest day\'92s work
\i0 , she thought. 
\i Well, not an 
\i0 honest 
\i day\'92s work, but still\'85\

\i0 She didn\'92t feel guilty stealing from them. People like them, they had enough money she doubted they\'92d even miss the necklace. To someone of Annabel\'92s station in life, they were worth a fortune. And besides, they weren\'92t for her.\
She closed the trunk, locked it, and slid it into the corner of the room. \
\'93Right then, if that\'92ll be all\'85\'94\
\'93Yes, thank you,\'94 said the man, trying not to stare at her arm. \'93May I just ask\'97\'94\
\'93I wouldn\'92t,\'94 Annabel told him. \'93No disrespect, mister, but I don\'92t care to talk about it.\'94\
\'93Of course.\'94 He smiled awkwardly, then handed her a ha\'92penny for her trouble.\
She pocketed the coin and hurried from the room.\
That was when she heard it. Never had she heard such a horrendous sound, an awful screeching wail that made her clench her teeth. She nearly had to cover her ears.\
\'93Wot the bleedin\'92 \'92ell was that?\'94 she exclaimed.\
\'93\'91Aven\'92t the foggiest,\'94 said another of the dock workers, a rough-looking bearded fellow she\'92d seen around the docks before. She thought his name might be Bill, but she couldn\'92t remember for certain.\
\'93Shall we \'91ave a look?\'94\
She hurried outside. Already, the scene was chaos. Abandoning their luggage, passengers were fighting their way off the pier, elbowing each other out of the way or even diving into the Thames to get away. Some of them were pointing up at the sky.\
Annabel followed their pointing fingers to the spot in the sky.\
At first, she thought it was an airship. When she realized what it really was, she suddenly felt feverishly cold. Her mouth opened. She turned to Bill, who had followed her out onto the pier. \'93Run,\'94 she said.\
\'93What?\'94 he said.\
She pointed at the sky. There was a creature, bigger than a whale, airborne, insect-like in appearance, with long antennae and a sleek, dark brown carapace. Like her, it was part machine, armed with a twin pair of machine guns. Its guts had been hollowed out and replaced with the husk of an airship. There were people inside.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6D8E5D8C-1D61-4E96-B155-53579170FDCF"}}{\fldrslt \'93Run,\'94 she repeated. \'93For the love of god, run.\'94}}}