{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Parson Sinews woke up violently, sitting up abruptly and gasping for air as if he hadn\'92t been breathing. He sat there panting for a moment, sweating as he caught his breath. \'93It felt so real,\'94 he said, trembling. \'93It felt so real.\'94\
He\'92d looked into Camille\'92s eyes. He\'92d heard her voice, seen her lips moving, smelt her perfume. But Camille wasn\'92t dead. She was alive and well, and she had dragged him to this hell hole.\
\'93Resurrectionist bitch,\'94 he muttered.\
\'93Are you awake?\'94 said a voice.\
He turned toward the sound. His head ached. He knew he\'92d been drugged, but he tried to fight off the effects, blinking rapidly to maintain focus. Most of the past few\'97what? Hours? Days?\'97had passed by in a fog. He could scarcely remember where he was, let alone how he\'92d gotten there.\
It was a prison cell, with iron bars as walls, a thin slot in the door for food to be slid through. His bed was a slab of wood barely enough to accommodate his height, with a mattress thin enough he swore he could feel the splinters in the wood beneath it. He had no pillow to speak of, but he did have blankets, and he\'92d folded them up into a pile and used them as one. No wonder he was so cold. He had the vague memory of being locked in a cell in the Resurrectionists\'92 lab, but he knew this wasn\'92t the same cell. He was somewhere else.\
The cell beside him was too dimly lit to make out the shadowy figure from within, but he could see that there was someone in there.\
\'93Who\'92s there?\'94 he said.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the voice, as the shadow moved toward him, \'93You 
\i are
\i0  awake. You know, you talk in your sleep. Makes it difficult to tell if you\'92re awake or not.\'94\
Finally, the man\'92s face appeared between the bars, and Mr. Sinews could make out his features. He was old, but he\'92d been able to determine that from the quality of his voice, so the wrinkled visage and the purplish bags beneath his eyes were not unexpected. He had a gentle disposition, if the look of a man could give any such indication. There was a kindness in his eyes, and the hint of a smile on his face, which struck Parson as sincere.\
What sort of prison was this?\
\'93Parson Sinews,\'94 he said.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the old man, broadening his smile, \'93Isn\'92t that interesting? A parson and a priest, side by side. Father Pieres, at your service. Though the guards seem to know me as \'91The Mad Priest.\'92 A little joke they have.\'94\
Parson laughed bitterly. \'93I suppose that makes me Edmond\'97\'94 He stopped suddenly. \'93This is Chateau d\'92If,\'94 he said, \'93That\'92s where I am, isn\'92t it? They said they were going to take me here.\'94\
The priest nodded.\
\'93How did 
\i you
\i0  end up here?\'94 Parson asked.\
Pieres shrugged. \'93Saw something they didn\'92t want me to see.\'94\
\'93
\i Who
\i0  didn\'92t want you to see?\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the priest, \'93Isn\'92t that obvious?\'94\
\'93Resurrectionists,\'94 Parson muttered. He got out of bed and stretched his neck as he moved toward the iron bars that separated their cells. The floor swayed beneath his feet as if he was at sea. Perhaps he shouldn\'92t have stood so quickly.\
\'93What sort of prison is this?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said Faria, scratching his beard as he talked, \'93It\'92s a very special kind of prison is what it is. You and I have both seen things we weren\'92t meant to see. That knowledge makes us dangerous to them. They send us here so we don\'92t interfere with their agendas.\'94\
\'93And why not just kill us?\'94 he asked. \'93They\'92re obviously not above killing.\'94\
\'93I like to think they haven\'92t killed me because I\'92m more valuable to them alive.\'94\
Parson snorted. \'93Somehow I don\'92t find that thought altogether comforting.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 He thought about Camille. He had fallen for her charms, fallen head over heals into a love that was inescapable, bordering on obsessive. Even now, the thought of her made him weak. He wondered if there had ever been a moment where she\'92d sincerely loved him back, or if she\'92d been plotting against him all this time. She must have loved him. It was the only thing that explained why he was still alive. Sentiment had made him weak, yet it was sentiment that had saved him. When he finally got out of this prison, he would abandon whatever feelings he still had for Camille and replace them with vengeance. There would be no mercy for her.}