{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel tore down the pier, pushing people out of her way as the enormous zombified insect let loose another inhuman screech. It flew low to the ground, and as it approached, Annabel began to make out details. The creature was not entirely organic. As with her mechanical arm and clockwork eye, metal fused with flesh to make a creature that was part machine, part animal. There were men sitting inside it behind thick panes of glass. There were portholes along the insect\'92s sides, like those on a ship. The men were Resurrectionists by the look of them; they wore masks on their faces. She didn\'92t flatter herself that they were here for her. She was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.\
She reached the end of the pier and dove beneath the cover of the harbormaster\'92s shack, just as the Resurrectionists opened fire. Annabel heard screams beneath the rapid 
\i rap-rap-rap
\i0  of bullet fire. An onslaught of bullets ripped through flesh as men, women, and children were mercilessly gunned down. She turned and saw Bill running to join her behind the shack. It was hardly sufficient cover. Bullets continued to rain down from above, ripping apart everything in their path.\
Bill wore a look of horror on his face. He was wide-eyed, pale, his eyes attempting to follow the barrage of bullet fire and wincing as he watched his fellow dockworkers dying. Annabel figured she\'92d seen worse. She\'92d seen London fall.\
\'93We\'92ve got to stop them,\'94 she said, shouting to be heard over the din. \'93Ye\'92ve gotta get a hold o\'92 yourself.\'94\
\'93They\'92re killin\'92 everyone,\'94 he shouted back. \'93Why? Why would they do that?\'94\
\'93\'92Cause they\'92re 
\i insane
\i0 , Bill,\'94 she answered simply.\
Tears began to well up in the man\'92s eyes. He turned back to the pier, muttering, \'93I\'92ve got to help them.\'94\
Annabel stopped him. \'93Ye tryin\'92 to get yerself killed?\'94 she barked. \'93You can\'92t go out that way.\'94\
She ducked as a bullet 
\i pinged
\i0  off the metal roof of the shack. Bodies began to pile up on the pier and along the shore.\
\'93Are you armed?\'94\
Bill shook his head. Annabel swore. Without some sort of weapon, there was nothing Annabel could do but stand there cowering behind cover. She wanted to fight back.\
\'93I\'92ve got a gun in me room up the street,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92m gonna make a run for it. You can either come with me or\'97\'94\
Her words were cut short by the sound of cannon fire. She risked a look beyond the shelter of the harbormaster\'92s shack. The Resurrectionist airship was no longer facing the civilians on the ground. It had turned around to point its weapons at another airship. This ship was familiar to Annabel.\
\'93Is that\'97\'94 she began. Then she saw the letters painted on the ship\'92s blimp and realized it was. 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 .\

\i Jonathan
\i0 , she thought. She turned to Bill.\
\'93Go,\'94 she said, pointing at the wounded bodies on the pier. \'93Help them.\'94\
\'93What about you?\'94 he asked before turning away.\
\'93I\'92m going to help 
\i them
\i0 .\'94\
She gestured to the airship in the sky. It was taking heavy fire from the insect ship. If she didn\'92t help them, they\'92d go up in flames. She wasn\'92t sure how she could help, but she had to try 
\i something
\i0 . Bill nodded and took off with another word. Annabel did the same, tearing off in the opposite direction.}