{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi358\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\
\
He needed a vantage point. If he wanted to kill this thing, his aim needed to be precise. With a sickening lurch, he realised what his best option was.\
He was sure there must be some sort of nautical term for it\'97he\'92d overheard the crewmen bandying words like 
\i starboard
\i0  and 
\i aft
\i0  about\'97but he hadn\'92t any idea what the appropriate word might be, but the balloon was attached to the ship both by ropes and by huge towers of wood and brass. Some of these towers had footholds build in, and railings along the sides, so they could be climbed in order to perform maintenance duties upon the ship. It was unlikely that they were meant to be used while the ship was flying, in reverse, at top speed.\
He swore. He could still hear through the din of battle, the sound of bullets striking metal, and more unsettling than that, the noise of metal bending and warping beneath the pressure of hundreds of bullets fired in succession.\
He made his way to the ladder, if that\'92s what it was called, grabbed the railing, and began to climb. The tower wasn\'92t shielded by armor either, but there was no time to even think about that just now. Or to think about his fear of heights. He hoisted himself up onto the canvas blimp, and lay flat upon it. There were no railings up here, no handholds, and little to shield him from the wind.\
The sail along the balloon\'92s spine had been lowered, and the shields had been raised. A grid of metal framed the canvas blimp, and sheets of armor plating were affixed in segments, attached to the metal frame in order to cover the gaps between each metal section of the frame. Each gap was about two meters square, but there were spaces that were not entirely covered. The shields were mounted on mechanical arms along the frame, intended to mitigate the risk provided by the gaps in the armor. The ship\'92s design was built on redundancies. Where the armor failed, the shields would still provide cover.\
Jonathan crawled his way toward one of the raised shields, grabbing the arm to which it was mounted, and used it to pull himself to his feet. He looked down at Kas, and raised his blunderbuss, grabbing it from his holster.\
In answer, Kas began his assault, launching what seemed to be a limitless supply of cannon fodder. The Dreadful shuddered with every deafening blast of the cannon, but the beast was undeterred.\
Jonathan, perched precariously atop the balloon. He held tight to the thick shield, training his eyes on the creature.\
Cannonball after cannonball, Kas was relentless. Finally, Kas managed to penetrate the creature\'92s chitinous shell, and the beast let out that terrible, unearthly wail. Jonathan was ready.\
He fired.\
It only took a moment. The grenade sailed into the creature\'92s open jaws. He holstered the blunderbuss and unfurled his umbrella. The concussive blast of the grenade was accompanied by the sickening crunch of splintering carapace; a blast of fire erupted from the creature\'92s maw, taking with it a significant section of the cockroach\'92s head, which rained down in enormous, wet chunks.\
Jonathan let out a cry of indignation when his parasol was struck by a particularly large segment of gruesome flesh. He lost his balance, slid toward the edge of the balloon, grasping for something, anything. His hands banged and slid against the metal plating that covered the balloon, cutting gashes into his left.\
The umbrella slipped out of his hand and blew away with frightening speed, and a moment later he lost the blunderbuss. But he finally managed to grasp something. Her legs dangled off the edge of the balloon in a way that was most unladylike.\
When he finally caught his breath, he saw that it was Jonathan's hand that he had caught.\
\'93I\'92ve got you,\'94 he said, hoisting his back up onto the relative safety of the balloon.\
\'93Jonathan,\'94 he said, out of breath but otherwise managing to sound entirely unshaken by the incident. \'93Sorry about that.\'94\
\'93That\'92s twice now.\'94\
He frowned. Twice that he\'92d saved his life. Well, he could keep on saving his life every day for a month and he\'92d still owe his for losing consciousness.\
\'93It won\'92t happen again,\'94 he said grumpily. \'93What ever are you doing up here?\'94\
He shrugged. \'93I could ask you the same question,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92ve got a plan,\'94 he added, taking a swig from a flask he kept hidden in his vest pocket.\
His face was flushed, his balance questionable at best. But it was hardly his intoxication that caught his attention. As Jonathan looked at him and the balloons on which they stood, he began to suspect what he had been up to all this time. Whatever his plan was, it would be astoundingly dangerous. Not that he was one to complain about that. So long as his plan worked.\
He had removed a large sheet of the thick armor that surrounded the blimp. If the dirigible were to be struck by stray bullet now, they\'92d go up in flames. But they were all doomed anyhow, if they didn\'92t do something. Jonathan had also unlashed some of the ropes that bound the hydrogen gasbags inside the canvas envelope. He had secured another section of rope around the middlemost balloon, and had wound a great deal of that same rope around his own body as well.\
\'93Whatever are you planning?\'94 Jonathan breathed, though he was sure she\'92d already worked it out in his head.\
\'93Jonathan,\'94 he said, slurring his words, \'93If you would just kindly ask the beast to fly above us, just here.\'94 He pointed at where he wanted the creature. \'93I\'92m afraid I\'92ve been rather inspired by your notion of filling its mouth with incendiary devices.\'94\
He winked.\
\'93No,\'94 he said. \'93If this gets you killed,\'94 he started, pointing a finger at him. \'93I won\'92t have this on my head. What 
\i exactly 
\i0 are you planning?\'94\
\'93First, I\'92m going to dislodge this ballonet,\'94 he said, grinning drunkenly. \'93Then, I\'92ll just fly up into the creature\'92s mouth, cause the ballonet to explode, then drop back down to the ship. Easy peasy.\'94\
Jonathan shook his head. Aside from his notion that it would be easy, the plan wasn\'92t entirely ridiculous. But even if it did work, simply dropping back down to the ship would be nearly impossible.\
\'93Lemon squeezey,\'94 he added.\
\'93What happens if you miss the ship?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Don\'92t worry about that,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93I have exactly two contingency plans. This will work,\'94 he assured his.\
Angry though he was, Jonathan turned back to face the demonic cockroach. Kip had been fending it off nicely while hhe\'92d been otherwise occupied. Captain Merrick was still standing at the wheel, courageous in the face of danger.\
\'93Captain!\'94 he shouted, but his voice was drowned out by the wail of the wounded insect and the buffeting of the open air.\
He started to descend the ladder.  He practically jumped down the ladder onto the deck below.\
\
\
\'93Jonathan, if you\'92re still intent on this idiocy, you\'92d best get ready,\'94 Jonathan shouted up at him.\
A moment later, they\'92d managed to get under the cockroach: easier than asking it to fly above them.\
For a moment, Jonathan thought they\'92d been struck by something. The entire ship jolted like a boat about to capsize. Captain Merrick clutched the wheel and did his best to steady the vessel. From somewhere within the ship they could hear the unusual sound of intense friction.\
Then, another jolt, and the ship began to lose altitude. The captain cursed, shouted for the engineers to check on the barometer or the difference engine or whatever else it was that would keep them aloft. They weren\'92t about to crash, but they were descending far too quickly and suddenly for the captain\'92s liking. A moment later, he discovered the cause of their descent.\
Above them, one of the ship\'92s own balloons had come free and was spiralling up toward the monster.\
\'93What on earth\'85\'94 he began. Then the light of the dreadful\'92s lantern fell upon the rogue ballonet, and he saw.\
It was Jonathan. He had attached himself to the balloon and was attempting to steer the balloon with the weight of his body, aiming straight for the gaping hole in the creature\'92s mouth.\
Shaking off his amazement, Palmer fired a few shots as cover fire.\
Jonathan's heart caught in his chest. He grabbed one of the lanterns that hung from the ship, and aimed it at Jonathan, keeping him bathed in light.\
\'93Idiot,\'94 he cursed him.\
The balloon found its mark. In one simultaneous motion, Jonathan hurled a grenade into the creature\'92s jaws and cut himself loose. Down, down toward The Penny Dreadful he fell.\
He would have made it too, landing straight on the deck of the airship. Suddenly, the explosion of the hydrogen balloon lit the night sky, throwing Jonathan's horribly off course.\
Blood and severed body parts rained down from the monstrous cockroach. The crew watched as Jonathan plummeted toward the ground.\
Jonathan's heart sank.\
\'93By God!\'94 Lockwood exclaimed from within the crew cabin, loud enough to be heard outside.\
They shared his sentiment, but there was nothing to be done. Not a word was spoken. Not a breath was breathed.}