{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs28 \cf0 Three Years Earlier\
\

\i0 The Mad Priest heard the man in the next cell stirring. He peered through the bars between their cells and could make out a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CDE42D72-E89B-47D1-B3FA-4FDC26BA128F"}}{\fldrslt dimly lit figure jolting suddenly}}, as if waking from a nightmare. He heard the new prisoner gasp for air as if he hadn\'92t been breathing. The priest watched him sit there panting for a moment, catching his breath. \'93It felt so real,\'94 the priest heard him muttering to himself. \'93It felt so real.\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3E2125C1-EE20-4EBE-B341-D136D68957A4"}}{\fldrslt The Mad Priest tapped on the bars with his cane and saw a pair of green eyes flash in the darkness of the prisoner\'92s cell.}}\
\'93I looked into Camille\'92s eyes,\'94 the prisoner mumbled. \'93I saw her, dead. But Camille isn\'92t dead. She dragged me to this hell hole.\'94\
The Mad Priest frowned. \'93You were dreaming," he said. "It was just a dream."\
\'93What was that?\'94\
\'93Are you awake?\'94 asked the Mad Priest.\
The new prisoner turned at the sound of his voice.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://672697DB-5866-4C11-AF28-ABC7E6615853"}}{\fldrslt The cell was too dimly lit to make out the details of the shadowy figure from within, but he could see that the man was looking at him.}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2B85A930-6225-493F-A678-80D1948DBDE1"}}{\fldrslt \'93Who\'92s there?\'94 the prisoner called.\
}}\'93Ah,\'94 the Mad Priest answered, as the shadow moved toward him, \'93You
\i are
\i0  awake. You know, you talk in your sleep. Makes it difficult to tell if you\'92re awake or not.\'94\
Finally, the man\'92s face appeared between the bars, and the Mad Priest could make out his features. Young, impossibly handsome, his eyes the color of emeralds. He wore the clothes of a gentleman, but they were worn. His eyes were intelligent, dangerous even, but they were unfocused as if he\'92d been drugged.\
\'93Father Pieres,\'94 he said, \'93though the guards call me Abb\'e9 Fariah, or \'91The Mad Priest.\'92 A little joke they have.\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FB1B1DA1-DCAA-430B-BA28-084B038866C2"}}{\fldrslt His cellmate didn\'92t offer his own name, but the priest didn\'92t mind. }}He was relieved to have any company at all. He\'92d been alone for far too long.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BFB36B9B-4BA5-47ED-A07F-EAB1F1EA1A0E"}}{\fldrslt \'93Abb\'e9 Fariah?\'94}} the prisoner repeated.\
The priest nodded.\
\'93I suppose that makes me the Count of Monte Cris\'97\'94 The prisoner stopped suddenly. \'93This is
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0 .\'94\
His voice sounded suddenly alert.\
\'93That\'92s where I am, isn\'92t it? They said they were going to take me to a place called
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0 .\'94\
The priest nodded. \'93Named after the prison in Dumas\'92 novel, which is of course, based on the real
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0  in Marseilles.\'94\
\'93We are not in Marseilles, though, are we?\'94\
The priest shook his head.\
\'93How did
\i you
\i0  end up here?\'94 asked the new prisoner, obviously trying to make sense of his new surroundings. The man\'92s voice dripped with arrogance and disbelief. This was not a man accustomed to being imprisoned.\
Pieres shrugged. \'93Saw something they didn\'92t want me to see.\'94\
\'93
\i Who
\i0  didn\'92t want you to see?\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the priest, \'93Isn\'92t that obvious?\'94\
\'93Resurrectionists,\'94 the prisoner said. The floor swayed beneath their feet, and the priest leaned on his cane for balance. The prisoner grasped the bars and swayed. He put a hand to his head as if he believed the swaying floor was just a lingering effect of the drugs. The priest wondered if he should tell the man the truth.
\i Later
\i0 , he decided. There would be time for that later.\
\'93What sort of prison is this?\'94 asked the prisoner.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said Pieres, scratching his beard as he talked, \'93It\'92s a very special kind of prison is what it is. You and I have both seen things we weren\'92t meant to see, haven\'92t we? That knowledge makes us dangerous to them. They send us here so we don\'92t interfere with their agendas.\'94\
\'93And why not just kill us?\'94 asked the prisoner. \'93They\'92re obviously not above killing.\'94\
\'93I like to think they haven\'92t killed me because I\'92m more valuable to them alive,\'94 Pieres answered.\
\'93Somehow I don\'92t find that thought altogether comforting.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \'93As long as you\'92re alive, there is hope,\'94 said the priest.\
\'93You\'92re right,\'94 said the prisoner with the bright green eyes. \'93There is hope, because one day, I\'92m going to get out of this cell. And when I do, I\'92m going to kill the ones responsible for putting me here. Come a little closer, Father.\'94\
The priest was already standing as close as he could get, so he reached his hand between the bars and put his hand on the prisoner\'92s face. It was cold.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DE983A8E-51B2-4775-9DDD-D9B312E202E5"}}{\fldrslt Pieres looked into the man\'92s green eyes and felt his head begin to swim.\
\'93What can I do for you, my son?\'94 Pieres asked, his voice low and soft.\
\'93I need fresh blood, Father,\'94 the prisoner answered. Those emerald eyes were piercing. They bore into the priest\'92s soul, dissecting him with a look. Pieres felt giddy, as if drunk.}}\
\'93Of course, my son,\'94 the priest answered, stifling a giggle. He offered up his wrist, and he felt the prisoner bite into his flesh.\
He felt the blood drain from his wrist, but he felt delirious with pleasure. His knees bent, and he knelt on the cold floor. The prisoner continued to drink until his pale face flushed. He wiped his mouth on a cloth, giving the Mad Priest a glimpse of his sharp teeth. He tucked the cloth kerchief into his pocket and helped the priest to his feet.\
Father Pieres couldn\'92t remember why he\'92d been kneeling.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 he said, assuming he\'92d taken a fall and the prisoner had helped him up. \'93I\'92m Father Pieres,\'94 he said. He couldn\'92t remember if he\'92d said that already.\
\'93A pleasure,\'94 said the prisoner in the opposite cell. \'93My name is Parson Sinews.\'94}
