{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Parson Sinews moved back across the tiny cell and sat down upon the uncomfortable bed. He still had the alarming feeling that the floor was moving. It felt unsteady beneath his feet. Though he couldn\'92t quite shake the feeling, even when he sat down on the bed, he attempted to relax on the wooden frame.\
The Mad Priest lingered by the bars that separated their cells. He stood there for a while without speaking, as if taking the time to formulate his thoughts, or perhaps he was just sleeping standing up.\
\'93How do you imagine you\'92ll escape?\'94 asked the priest.\
\'93How do you know I was thinking of escaping?\'94\
\'93Every prisoner imagines escaping,\'94 Pieres answered. \'93It wouldn\'92t be a prison if the prisoners were content to stay put. After all\'97\'94 He broke off at the sound of the guards making their rounds.\
The small metal door slid open and a tray of something vaguely resembling food was shoved into his cell.\
\'93What is this?\'94 said Mr. Sinews, staring at the gruel.\
\'93You were expecting tea and crumpets?\'94 asked the guard. He laughed and marched onward.\
Mr. Sinews groaned as he got out of bed and retrieved the meal. Cold porridge with a few dark brown chunks of what he hoped was dried fruit.\
\'93You were saying?\'94 he said, spooning some of the gruel into his mouth and attempting not to grimace at the taste and texture.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the priest, \'93Well, merely that I\'92ve been here for something close to two years already. I\'92ve lost track of the days. Yet every day I\'92m confined in my cell, do you know what I think of?\'94\
\'93Escape,\'94 Parson answered.\
\'93Escape,\'94 the priest confirmed. He grunted appreciatively as he ate his meal, while Parson struggled to keep his down.\
Mr. Sinews set down his meal.\
\'93I imagine that after two years in this place, you have come up with some ideas\'85\'94 he said.}