{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The Mad Priest\'92s cellmate was talkative, which was both a blessing and a curse\'97a blessing because he\'92d been wanting for company, a curse because he was beginning to feel that Parson Sinews enjoyed talking simply to hear his own voice.\
\'93Before you woke me,\'94 he said, \'93I dreamt that Camille was dead. What do you make of that, Father? Wishful thinking?\'94\
\'93Who is Camille?\'94 Pieres asked.\
\'93My fianc\'e9,\'94 came the reply from the darkness. \'93It was her that dragged me to this hell on earth, you know. Resurrectionist bitch. Now that I\'92ve seen her true colors, I wonder if she ever loved me, or was it all just to see what I knew about their organization? I was something of an expert on the Resurrectionists. I helped the police with uncovering the identity of Anthony Tidkins, their leader. I predicted their 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 , but I was powerless to stop it.\'94\
\'93
\i Dead London Project?
\i0 \'94 the Mad Priest repeated.\
His fellow prisoner laughed darkly. \'93Oh yes, I suppose you\'92ve been locked in here long enough that you wouldn\'92t have heard. The 
\i Dead London Project
\i0  was an experiment. The Resurrectionists believed they could cure death, if they could only test their hypothesis on a large enough test population. They decided the population of London would suffice and began spreading a virus called 
\i Lazarus 
\i0 throughout the city. Those exposed to the virus experience a death of the body but remain animated. The Resurrectionists hoped to find a means of curing the virus\'92s side effects\'97namely, an intense hunger for the flesh of the living\'97but first, they needed to unleash the virus. I was locked up in their laboratory when the experiment was ongoing, so I didn\'92t have a chance to see the results.\'94\
The Mad Priest let out a sigh he\'92d been holding for the last two years. A long, tired sigh. He lingered by the bars that separated his cell from his fellow prisoner\'92s. He stood there for a while without speaking.\
\'93
\i That\'92s
\i0  what I saw,\'94 Father Pieres said eventually. \'93That\'92s why they put me in here. I saw a man who\'92d been infected with this virus, the result of a Resurrectionist experiment. I ran to summon a policeman; instead, I found a Resurrectionist. I\'92ve been here ever since.\'94\
He caught another flash of green eyes.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \'93How will you escape?\'94 asked the priest, changing the subject.\
\'93How did you know that\'92s what I was thinking about?\'94\
\'93Every prisoner imagines escaping,\'94 Pieres answered. \'93It wouldn\'92t be a prison if the prisoners were content to stay put. After all\'97\'94 He broke off at the sound of the guards making their rounds.\
The small metal door slid open and a tray of something vaguely resembling food was shoved into his cell. His stomach growled, and he scooped the plate off the floor.\
\'93What is this?\'94 Parson Sinews demanded.\
\'93You were expecting tea and crumpets?\'94 asked the guard. He laughed and marched onward.\
Pieres, for his part, sat on the bed and ate hungrily. Cold porridge with a few dark brown chunks of dried fruit.\
\'93You were saying?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Pieres, \'93well, merely that I\'92ve been here for something close to two years already. I\'92ve lost track of the days. Yet every day I\'92m confined in my cell, do you know what I think of?\'94\
\'93Escape,\'94 Sinews answered.\
\'93Escape,\'94 the priest confirmed. He grunted appreciatively as he ate his meal, while his new friend struggled to keep his down.\
Finishing his meal, he set down the empty, metal plate.\
\'93I imagine that after two years in this place, you have come up with some ideas?\'94 said Sinews.\
Pieres nodded. \'93It will take patience,\'94 he said.\
\'93I can be patient,\'94 Sinews answered.\
\'93And dedication,\'94 Pieres added.\
\'93I can be dedicated.\'94\
\'93And when the time comes\'85\'94\
\'93Yes?\'94\
\'93Take me with you,\'94 Pieres pleaded. \'93Promise me you\'92ll take me with you.\'94\
\'93We\'92re in this together, old man,\'94 said Parson Sinews. \'93Now, tell me, what is your plan?\'94\
The Mad Priest stood up from the bed and hobbled over on his cane. \'93First, come over here. There\'92s something you need to know about this prison.\'94\
His cellmate did as bidden and came to stand at the edge of their cells. The priest directed Sinews' attention to the window in his cell, a narrow gap that stood above his bed.\
\'93There\'92s no window in your cell, so we\'92ll need to find a way to get you from your cell into mine. Once we\'92ve managed that\'97\'94\
\'93It looks wide enough to climb through,\'94 Sinews interrupted, "and there are no bars on the window."\
\'93Yes, well, that's true. The problem, though, is what\'92s on the other side of the window.\'94\
He thought he saw understanding finally dawn in the prisoner\'92s green eyes. Sinews was clearly intelligent, and he\'92d obviously felt the floor shifting beneath him, but even so, his first guess was probably wrong. \'93We\'92re not at sea, if that\'92s what you\'92re thinking,\'94 said the priest.\
\'93Where are we?\'94\
\'93A thousand feet above the ground,\'94 he answered. \'93So\'85now you understand why no one has ever escaped Chateau d\'92If...it\'92s an airship. The Resurrectionists use other, smaller ships to refuel and bring supplies aboard without ever needing to land. We\'92re adrift aboard a castle in the sky, and the only chance of escape is to jump.\'94\
He watched as the full weight of reality set in to Parson Sinews' expressive, jade eyes. The Mad Priest's pity slowly gave way to an unsettling feeling. His cellmate's lips stretched into a deranged parody of a smile, and he began to laugh.}