{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The strange insect-like airship was no longer firing at the civilians who lined the docks. Its attention was wholly focused on the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 . 
\i Jonathan
\i0 , thought Annabel. She turned to Bill.\
\'93Go,\'94 she said, pointing at the wounded bodies on the pier. \'93Help them. I\'92m going to help 
\i them
\i0 .\'94\
She gestured to the airship in the sky. It was taking heavy fire from the insect ship. If she didn\'92t help them, they\'92d go up in flames. She wasn\'92t sure how she could help, but she had to try 
\i something
\i0 . Bill nodded and took off with another word. Annabel did the same, tearing off in the opposite direction.\
She headed into Gravesend, past the Three Daws Public House down High Street. She raced down Crooked Lane, her feet slamming down on the uneven paving stones until her knees ached and her lungs burned. The anguished cries of the wounded still reached her as she rounded the corner. She didn\'92t dare slow down. Cannons boomed and the rapid fire of the insect ship\'92s machine guns.\
Finally she reached the house she was lodging at. She pounded on the door with her right hand even as she fumbled to find her keys with her left. The door creaked open and the familiar face of her landlady appeared in its frame.\
\'93Oh, thank god! Mrs. Miller!\'94 she said. \'93I was worried you might\'92ve been down at the docks.\'94\
\'93Wot\'92s goin\'92 on, girl?\'94 the plump older woman demanded as Annabel pushed past her landlady and headed for her bedroom.\
\'93No time to explain,\'94 Annabel answered.  \'93Just stay inside until this all dies down.\'94\
She dragged a heavy steamer trunk from under her bed. She didn\'92t bother with the key, but simply snapped the lock in two with her metal arm, and heaved open the lid. Mrs. Miller\'92s eyes went wide. The trunk was filled to the brim with weapons.\
Annabel took out the crossbow, slung it over her shoulder, and reached back into the trunk. She needed something with enough range and power to hit the airship. She found a rifle she hoped would do the trick, and hurriedly loaded it with heavy ammunition.\
She put a hand on her landlady\'92s shoulder. \'93Thank you for everything,\'94 she said. \'93In case I don\'92t end up back \'91ere, consider this as thanks.\'94\
She slipped her hand into her pocket and pulled out the stolen necklace. Mrs. Miller went wide-eyed. \'93But that\'92s\'85that\'92s\'85\'94 she stammered, following Annabel as she hurried out of the room, \'93that\'92s worth more than I\'92ll make in a lifetime! Where did you get this?\'94\
Annabel ignored the question and headed to the door. She turned back to Mrs. Miller one last time.\
\'93I need a vantage point,\'94 she said, holding up the rifle. \'93Somewhere high up, so I can get a good shot.\'94\
\'93Well, there\'92s the clock tower,\'94 the landlady replied, clutching the diamonds to her breast but looking frightened and flustered, \'93but tell me wot\'92s goin\'92 on, girl. You aren\'92t gonna shoot somebody, are you, love?\'94\
\'93Goodbye, Mrs. Miller.\'94\
Crossbow over her shoulder, rifle in hand, Annabel headed for the Gravesend Clock Tower. She could see the two airships still battling in the sky, and hear Mrs. Miller still shouting after her. She heard distant cries of pain. She passed a dozen people who were running towards the pier. Some of them tried to stop her to see if she knew what was happening, but she pressed on. She needed to get into the tower. All she could think about was Jonathan Grimmer, up there in the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 .\
Finally, she reached the Clock Tower square, and ran toward the tall tower. She hoped it would give her enough of a vantage point to get a decent shot. A narrow maintenance door on one side of the tower was the only point of entry, and it was locked. Annabel turned a dial on her brass arm, and as the gears turned, her lock picking tools extended. There was no such thing as a locked door in Annabel\'92s world. The lock clicked, and the door swung inward.\
It was dark inside the narrow stairway inside, but Annabel grabbed the railing and blindly raced up the stairs. Her boots clanged on the iron staircase. Through the dim light from the narrow slits in the tower, she could see there was a maintenance hatch in the ceiling. She figured that would get her access to the roof. It was locked. A moment later, it wasn\'92t.\
She shimmied through the narrow hatch and climbed awkwardly onto the gothic-styled rooftop. A few pigeons flapped their wings and made way for her. Crouching between the arches and the weathervane, she set her crossbow down and readied her rifle.\
She looked to the sky and caught sight of the airships. She was surprised to see that the tables seemed to have turned. The 
\i Dreadful
\i0  was pursuing the enemy ship now, and the overgrown insect was headed in her direction. She couldn\'92t have planned it better. She aimed her rifle and waited for the ship to come closer. As they did, she spied the men inside the bizarre airship. The windshield was shattered, giving her clear access for a shot. She peered through the scope and looked into their masked faces. Resurrectionists.\
Her jaw tightened as she ground her teeth. All this time searching for any trace of them, and now, they were headed straight for her. Under ordinary circumstances, she\'92d have preferred to take them alive. She wanted to question them about Chateau d\'92If, where she suspected Parson Sinews had been taken, along with Jonathan Grimmer\'92s mother. However, given that they were piloting a deadly giant insect armed with machine guns, it seemed more prudent to simply take them out. She counted just four of them. They were still fifty feet above her, but she believed that was close enough.\
She waited, heart racing as they approached. Her fingers itched to pull the trigger. Still she waited. Finally, when the moment was right, she pulled the trigger.\
Her first shot was a direct hit. The first Resurrectionist slumped over in his seat, and the others jumped. She grinned, enjoying their panicked reaction. They scrambled to find the shooter, as Annabel readied another shot. 
\i One down
\i0 , she thought, aiming for the next of them. Again she pulled the trigger, and again, she hit her target. Blood painted the interior of the airship.\
Suddenly, the two remaining Resurrectionists were pointing in her direction, and the ship\'92s guns were pointing down at her.\
\'93Shit!\'94 she swore.\
She needed to take out whichever of them was manning the guns before he had a chance to fire back. She didn\'92t know which of them was piloting the ship, though, and which was manning the guns. Her odds were fifty-fifty.\
She chose her target and fired a third shot. The Resurrectionist fell over backwards, and just as suddenly, the Resurrectionist airship changed direction. The ship wailed, a high-pitched, painful wail. The guns went off, but they went wide. She had hit the pilot, she realized. The Resurrectionists were no longer in control of the creature; it was flying autonomously. She aimed her rifle again, but she\'92d missed her chance. The ship had changed direction too quickly, and she no longer had a clear line to the control room.\
The 
\i boom
\i0  of the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 \'92s cannons reverberated across the square, followed by the massive creature\'92s horrendous screech. The creature turned on the 
\i Dreadful
\i0 . Its antennae whipped, crumpling the thin metal shields and puncturing one of the airship\'92s ballonets. It shrieked, slamming down its massive limbs onto the ship\'92s gondola, splitting timber. Annabel watched in horror as the airship began to lose altitude and came hurtling down toward the ground much too fast.}