{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi358\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 She was sure there must be some sort of nautical term for it\'97she\'92d overheard the crewmen bandying words like 
\i starboard
\i0  and 
\i aft
\i0  about\'97but she hadn\'92t any idea what the appropriate word might be, but the balloon was attached to the ship both by ropes and by huge towers of wood and brass. Some of these towers had footholds build in, and railings along the sides, so they could be climbed in order to perform maintenance duties upon the ship. It was unlikely that they were meant to be used while the ship was flying, in reverse, at top speed.\
She swore. She could still hear through the din of battle, the sound of bullets striking metal, and more unsettling than that, the noise of metal bending and warping beneath the pressure of hundreds of bullets fired in succession.\
She made her way to the ladder, if that\'92s what it was called, grabbed the railing, and began to climb. The tower wasn\'92t shielded by armor either, but there was no time to even think about that just now. Or to think about her fear of heights. She hoisted herself up onto the canvas blimp, and lay flat upon it. There were no railings up here, no handholds, and little to shield her from the wind.\
The sail along the balloon\'92s spine had been lowered, and the shields had been raised. A grid of metal framed the canvas blimp, and sheets of armor plating were affixed in segments, attached to the metal frame in order to cover the gaps between each metal section of the frame. Each gap was about two meters square, but there were spaces that were not entirely covered. The shields were mounted on mechanical arms along the frame, intended to mitigate the risk provided by the gaps in the armor. The ship\'92s design was built on redundancies. Where the armor failed, the shields would still provide cover.\
}