{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan watched in stunned silence as the 
\i beast\'92s 
\i0 limbs came crashing down on the ship. Shards of wood splintered. The world turned on its side. He caught sight of Worthington, slumped over, blood spilling from his mouth. There was a wooden beam through the man\'92s stomach. He heard the 
\i whoosh
\i0  of escaping hydrogen, and clung to the railing as they began to go down.\
\'93Empty the ballasts!\'94 Merrick shouted, \'93Empty 
\i all 
\i0 of them!\'94
\i \

\i0 Torrents of water spilled down onto the streets below, and the ship slowed its downward spiral, but not enough. They were going down, there was no stopping that. All they could do was control their descent. Their only saving grace was that the 
\i beast
\i0  seemed to have lost interest in the ship for the moment. Something must have distracted it.\
\'93We\'92ve got to lose the shields!\'94 shouted the captain.\
\'93I didn\'92t know that was possible,\'94 Jonathan answered.\
\'93It has to be done manually,\'94 Merrick answered. He grabbed the communication device and shouted for all hands on deck. \'93Take a wrench and a screwdriver. Do whatever you can to get rid of those shields. Do that, and we might actually be able to get her steady.\'94\
Jonathan nodded. There was no time to argue. He joined the crew in the cabin and managed to borrow some tools. Then he headed back into the gale. Wind whipped around him, and the deck shifted dangerously as they careened downward. He swallowed his fear and headed for the first sheet of plate metal. His gloved hands were shaking, but he grabbed his borrowed tools and began unbolting, pausing only to regain his balance when she deck tilted suddenly.\
One of the deckhands joined him, and they combined their efforts to remove the heavy sheet. Finally, it came loose. They hoisted it overboard and watched it tumble off the side of the ship. It clattered on the street below, the sound echoing powerfully.\
\'93One down, one hundred and ninety-nine more to go,\'94 Jonathan remarked.\
They were going to crash. It would take far too long to remove all the shields. His heart was slamming against his chest, he was shivering against the cold and sweating from his exertions. His fingers were numb, and he felt certain he was about to die. Still, there was nothing for it but to move on to the next panel.\
The crew was busy with the same task. With impressive efficiency, they unbolted the metal sheets and sent them careening to the ground below. Gradually, very gradually, their descent began to slow. They were still going down, but they might be able to make a controlled descent.\
\'93Let\'92s get rid of some extra weight!\'94 he heard the captain\'92s voice through the speaking tubes. \'93Kas, keep firing those cannons until you\'92re out of lead. Kip, if you\'92ve still got ammunition in that gatling gun, use it.\'94\
\'93Aye, sir!\'94 they shouted their replies.\
Jonathan was sure if he survived this, he\'92d be shouting for the rest of his life. His ears were ringing, as the cannon and machine gun fire resumed. It was answered by the unearthly wail of the abomination. He saw the creature rear its head, and Kip Lockwood unleashed the last of his bullets into the insect\'92s thick carapace.\
Abandoning his task, Jonathan ran across the deck, over to Dr. Sound, who still stood in the doorway of the cabin.\
\'93Care to make yourself useful, Doctor?\'94 he asked.\
The doctor snorted. \'93Thought you\'92d never ask. What do you want me to do?\'94\
\'93I want you to toss those grenades into that thing\'92s ugly maw. Let\'92s kill this thing, once and for all.\'94\
Sound looked at him the way he might have looked at a mental patient. Then, as he watched the 
\i beast
\i0  open its mouth and scream again as it smashed through the walls of a house, he nodded. He handed one of the grenades to Jonathan.\
\'93Do you have a match?\'94 he asked. \'93We need something to light the fuse.\'94\
Jonathan reached into his pockets and came out with a matchbook. \'93I know we\'92ve had our differences, Doctor, but try not to get yourself killed.\'94\
\'93I\'92ll bear that advice in mind, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 Dr. Sound replied.\
They crossed the deck, climbing over splintered timber to arrive at the prow of the ship, where the creature\'92s hungry jaws opened before them. Jonathan\'92s blood ran cold. This was the closest he\'92d been to the creature. Its mouth was big enough to swallow him whole, but worse than that, its face was beginning to rot from the effects of the 
\i Lazarus Virus
\i0 . Its stench was stifling. Jonathan had once come across the rotting carcass of a whale that was beached on the shores of the Mediterranean; this was worse than that by far. He stared into its many-lensed eyes, and the 
\i beast
\i0  looked back at him.\
Sheltering the match against the wind, he struck a match and lit the fuse.\
\'93Toss it,\'94 Dr. Sound urged.\
\'93Open wide, you ugly bastard!\'94 Jonathan shouted, hurling the hand grenade.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi358\qj
\cf0 It only took a moment. The grenade sailed into the creature\'92s open jaws. The concussive blast of the grenade was accompanied by the sickening crunch of splintering carapace; a blast of flame erupted from the monster\'92s mouth, taking with it a significant section of the cockroach\'92s head, which rained down in enormous, wet chunks.\
Jonathan shouted in alarm when he was struck by a particularly large segment of gruesome flesh. He lost his balance and hit the deck. Still on a slant due to its missing ballonet, the deck was steep enough that Jonathan began to slide. He careened toward the edge of the ship, grasping for something, anything. His hands banged and slid against the splintered wood and slammed into the iron struts that held the metal plating, cutting gashes into his arms and legs.\
He slammed into the side of the ship and toppled overboard. He felt open air, screamed. Then just as suddenly, something caught him by the arm. His momentum carried him forward; he slammed into the side of a building, the air going out of him with a solid 
\i whump
\i0 .  His shoulder nearly popped out of its socket, but he was alive. He must have been closer to the ground than he\'92d thought.\
As he caught his breath, he looked up and saw what it was that he\'92d snagged on the way down. A shiny, brass contraption that looked a bit like an arm. It 
\i was 
\i0 an arm. The body and face to which it belonged appeared over the edge of the roof. He recognized the pretty but scarred face with its clockwork eye, red hair, and light freckles.\
\'93Annabel?\'94 Jonathan said, with a start.\
Annabel beamed. With a grunt of effort, she lifted him up and helped him onto the rooftop. \'93Hello, Jonathan. Nice of you to drop in.\'94}