{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Thanks,\'94 said Jonathan Grimmer, scrambling up on the clock tower beside Annabel. \'93You look 
\i different
\i0 ,\'94 he said.\
Annabel rolled her eyes, including the one made of brass and glass, which rotated with a whir and a click. She did look different. Her hair was shorter than it had been last time she\'92d seen him. She caught Jonathan eying her tattooed bicep; that was new.\
\'93Are those\'97\'94\
\'93Tally marks,\'94 she finished. \'93Yes. One for every zombie I\'92ve killed. Can we do this later?\'94\
\'93What?\'94\
\'93The touching reunion,\'94 she said. \'93Let\'92s save it. In case you hadn\'92t noticed, there\'92s a giant zombie cockroach airship rampaging through town.\'94\
Jonathan looked at the creature in question and watched it plough through the town bank, creating a cascade of rubble and brick dust. The grenade hadn\'92t killed it. The 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 , miraculously, was still afloat, but it wasn\'92t firing on the 
\i beast 
\i0 any more. If Dr. Sound could get the second grenade into its monstrous jaws, they might be able to finish the thing off, but the ship was out of cannonballs and ammunition for the gatling gun.\
\'93Is that what that thing is? A cockroach?\'94 Jonathan wondered. \'93I didn\'92t know cockroaches could fly.\'94\
\'93Do I look like a bloody entomologist? I don\'92t know what it is; I just want it dead.\'94\
Jonathan gave her a nod, and even just that made her realize she\'92d missed him, not that she\'92d ever admit it to him. They\'92d split up just a few months ago, when Annabel had gotten a tip from one of her old contacts about the whereabouts of Dr. Jekyll, one of the founding members of the Resurrectionists. Jonathan, meanwhile, had been pursuing a lead of his own, trying to find his mother, who they believed was at Chateau d\'92If. She let out a quick sigh. Like she\'92d said, there would be time for a touching reunion later. She returned her attention to the overgrown insect.\
\'93Any idea how we go about that?\'94 Jonathan asked her.\
\'93Yeah,\'94 she replied. \'93Why don\'92t we start by clipping its wings? You think our friends could give us a lift?\'94 She gestured to the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 . \'93You\'92ve given me an idea, Jonathan.\'94\
His eyes widened. \'93
\i I
\i0  have?\'94\
Annabel nodded, running a hand through her hair. She flashed her dimples. \'93Yeah. A very interesting idea. Now, how do we get back on that ship?\'94\
\'93Don\'92t suppose you\'92ve got a flare gun?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
Annabel shook her head.\
\'93Well, we could\'85
\i yell
\i0 \'85really loudly\'85\'94 he suggested, and trailed off.\
Silence hung between them, and lingered, as Annabel tried to resist the urge to laugh. The sad thing was, she couldn\'92t come up with a better idea. Finally, she cupped her hands together in front of her mouth and started to shout at the top of her lungs. Meanwhile, Jonathan stood and waved his arms over his head, joining her in hollering at the airship. They kept that up for about a minute, when Annabel\'92s throat began to hurt from the effort.\
\'93They\'92re not going to hear us over the engines and all the noise 
\i that
\i0  thing\'92s making,\'94 she said, defeated.\
They stopped shouting as the enormous insect continued its rampage, toppling a pair of trees that stood in its way. Then it turned, and began to head straight toward the clock tower.\
\'93Shit,\'94 Annabel swore.\
The 
\i Dreadful
\i0  hadn\'92t heard their shouting, but the insect had spotted them. Who knew how the creature\'92s hearing worked, but its eyes were at the top of its head, and its eyes had hundreds of lenses, giving it a near three sixty degree view of its surroundings. If the creature hadn\'92t heard them shouting, it still could have spotted them.\
The one remaining Resurrectionist had taken over the ship\'92s controls and was furiously handling the many levers and dials that controlled the ship\'92s trajectory. Whether this was his intent or not, the insect was headed straight for them. Annabel suspected the creature had complete autonomy, the way the pilot was yanking frantically on the controls. Even if she could take out the pilot, it probably wouldn\'92t stop the creature from rampaging.\
Its wings a-blur, it raced toward them. Its face was half destroyed, split almost in half by the blast of the grenade. Annabel notched her crossbow and fired a bolt as it approached. The projectile bounced off the creature\'92s chitinous armor. She fired another, to no effect.\
In one last desperate bid, she tried aiming for the pilot. The bolt whistled as she pulled the trigger on the bow. She saw him slump in his seat, his head crashing down onto the controls with her bolt in his neck. Still, the ship kept coming.\
\'93Jonathan, do something!\'94\
He reached up, grabbed hold of a rope ladder that stretched down from above, and handed it to her. 
\i What? 
\i0 There was no time to question what was happening. She simply grabbed hold of the rungs and started to climb, with Jonathan scrambling up after her. A moment later, the abominable insect crashed into the clock tower. Metal struts screamed and bricks crashed to the ground below, but the creature barely slowed. Its mouth opened, trying to catch Jonathan in its fearsome mandibles.\
Annabel scrambled further up the ladder, looking up to see the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  above. She thanked her lucky stars that Captain Merrick was at the helm. No other pilot could have commanded a ship of the 
\i Dreadful
\i0 \'92s size so precisely and so quickly. As it happened, she\'92d been in just this very situation before, climbing up the 
\i Dreadful\'92s 
\i0 rope ladder for dear life. That time, there\'92d been a hundred ravenous zombies below. This time, it was just one zombie, but it was no less terrifying.\
She reached the top of the ladder and climbed over the edge and onto the deck. The airship was in rough shape. The floorboards were splintered, the protective steel panels had been disassembled and discarded. Some of the crew had been killed in the battle, and their bodies still littered the deck. She gave Jonathan a hand as he scrambled over the deck after her, then she turned to the ship\'92s captain.\
\'93Captain,\'94 she shouted, \'93thank you!\'94\
\'93It\'92s good to see you, Miss Monday,\'94 he said.\
\'93It\'92s Miss Grey,\'94 she told him; though she\'92d previously been introduced to the captain as Miss Monday, she\'92d since abandoned her alter ego. \'93Annabel to my friends, which you most certainly are, after that heroic rescue. Listen, I have an idea for how to deal with that thing.\'94\
\'93I\'92m all ears, Miss Grey,\'94 the captain replied, sticking to formality. \'93Just tell me what you need.\'94}