{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Kasumi imagined that, in a way, planning a monster hunt was little different from planning a heist. She knew that Annabel Grey had planned many. Kas had a great deal of respect for the infamous thief, and had seen her in action many times. She listened attentively to Annabel\'92s plan, and set her jaw in a firm line when Annabel turned to Kas and explained her part.\
\'93Timing is crucial,\'94 Annabel said, speaking rapidly as she revealed the plan. \'93Even as we speak, that 
\i thing
\i0  is still running rampant, leaving ruins in its wake. Do you think you can manage what I\'92m asking?\'94\
Kas tucked her wrench into her tool belt and put a hand on the hilt of her sword. Her eyes gleamed, fierce and determined. She nodded. \'93You can count on me.\'94\
\'93Captain Merrick?\'94 Annabel said, not wasting a moment.\
\'93This ole girl isn\'92t exactly in ship shape. We\'92ve got a punctured ballonet and structural damage. I\'92m amazed we\'92re still floating at all.\'94\
\'93I understand that,\'94 Annabel replied, \'93but that doesn\'92t answer my question.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 the captain answered at last. \'93We\'92ll manage it.\'94\
Jonathan, Kip, and Dr. Sound all said the same. They\'92d get it done.\
Without another word, they got to work.\
Kas could hear Captain Merrick starting to shout orders to the crew, his voice so commanding she figured he didn\'92t even need the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5D194410-9731-4A96-8338-043595277305"}}{\fldrslt speaking tubes}}. Meanwhile, she stripped off her engineering belt and left it in the crew cabin. She followed Kip out onto the deck, where he set about tying the lines around her waist.\
When he was done, she drew her katana. Quickly, with the skill of a practiced swordswoman, she sharpened and polished it. She raised the sword and listened to it sing as it sliced through the air.\
\'93Where\'92d you learn to do that?\'94 Kip asked.\
\'93From my mother,\'94 Kas explained. \'93And she learned from watching my father, who was an expert in 
\i Niten Ichi Ryu 
\i0 and a 
\i Shinsengumi
\i0  officer\'97a member of a police task force formed to protect the 
\i Shogunate
\i0 . He was also a spy.\'94\
Kip\'92s eyes widened, as Kasumi practiced with the sword, preparing for what she was about to do. The sword carved through the air, her movement so precise she might have made the sky bleed as she slashed with sharp steel. She felt the rumble of the engines as they chased down the enormous insect, and shifted her feet as the deck swayed. Her blade arced, folded steel glinting in the sunlight.\
\'93My mother grew up revering the 
\i onna-bugeishas
\i0 \'97female martial artists\'97and although women don\'92t commonly learn the sword any more,\'94 Kas continued, her eye fixed on the cockroach as they drew closer, sneaking up from behind the insect with more speed than stealth, \'93my mother took her learning upon herself. She learned from my father\'92s example, even without his knowledge. She began to practice 
\i Nito Ryu
\i0 , a classical style of swordsmanship, and when I was old enough, she began to teach me. One day, my father caught me using his sword. At first, he was furious. When he saw my skill with a sword, however, he promised to finish training me himself.\'94\
She turned back to Kip. \'93I\'92m ready,\'94 she said.\
She signaled to the captain, who slowed the ship to match the pace of the flying insect. She slipped her welding goggles over her eyes and tightened the leather strap. Setting her jaw, she stepped over the ship\'92s ledge and fell through the air.\
The rope unspooled, stretching out behind her, as the bitter wind stung her cheeks. The rope began to go taut as she neared the end of its length; at the same time, she came out of the dive in order to land on the 
\i beast\'92s
\i0  back. She drove the blade into its shell as she landed, and clung to the blade for balance.\
The 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  continued to match her pace to allow her enough rope that she wouldn\'92t be yanked off before her work was done, but the creature wailed in rage as she drove the sword into it and it tried to shake her free. Even if she did fall, the rope around her waist would keep her from plummeting to the ground below. She concentrated on what she needed to do.\
Steel scraped against chitin as she pulled the blade free. Standing precariously on the edge of the monster\'92s back, she swung the sword, and in one quick motion, carved off both wings. The creature\'92s wail was shrill, and painfully loud. It dropped out of the sky just as quickly, and suddenly, Kas was swinging from the rope, dangling a hundred feet above the earth, suspended from the airship.\
The earth spun dizzyingly below, the rope jerking and swinging her violently. She clutched her sword tight, scared she was going to end up slicing her own fingers off or stabbing herself. She swung back and forth in long arcs, her body completely horizontal as she struggled to regain her balance. She watched the monster\'92s antennae whip past and heard the thunderous crash of the monster hitting the earth.\
She continued to swing, spreading her arms in a desperate bid to regain her balance. She heard the snapping of twine, and knew she\'92d inadvertently hit the rope with her blade. When the rope jerked again, the last thread snapped, and she fell.\
The ground rose up to meet her. Her stomach lurched, and her ears popped from the pressure. Her heart slammed into her chest. Her final thoughts were of her mother and father, and of the sacrifices they\'92d made to get her here. Even now, she was grateful to them for everything. Then she slammed into the the ground with a sickening crunch of flesh, and everything went dark.\
She felt 
\i wet
\i0 . Her entire body hurt, and she couldn\'92t see a thing. There was a thick layer of slime or mucous covering her eyes, but she was alive. Against all odds, she\'92d landed on the giant zombie bug, and its thick layers of rotten flesh had actually broken her fall.\
She kept her eyes and mouth shut, afraid to swallow any of the creature\'92s nasty bodily fluids for fear of infection. She wiggled her left arm experimentally, and cried out in pain. Broken. She tried her right, and pain shot through her, right up to her shoulder. But she could move it. She tightened her fingers around her sword, miraculously still in her hand, and began to carve her way free.\
She was inside the belly of the beast.\
Her blade slashed through rotten flesh and thick layers of chitin, hacking a path through the monster like an adventurer hacking at vines with a machete. She didn\'92t want to die like this. Desperately she hacked away, too scared to open her eyes or even breathe as she fought her way free, because infection would be worse than death.\
She heard an explosive sound, felt the rumble of the blast and a sudden wave of heat, and heard the monster\'92s hideous screech. Just as suddenly, the creature went silent, and stopped moving. She kept going, until her sword met open air.\
She put her hand outside and felt the breeze. She let her sword clatter to the ground, and wiped her eyes and face. Finally, exhausted, she breathed. Like a newborn babe, she crawled\'97dripping wet and desperate for air\'97from the monstrous womb, and staggered onto the ground.\
She felt her vision blurring, and her head aching. A dozen hands supported her, one of them cold and metallic. She looked into Annabel\'92s eyes and offered a weak smile.\
\'93It\'92s dead,\'94 she heard Annabel say.\
She closed her eyes and lay still.}