{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs28 \cf0 Three Years Earlier
\i0 \
\
The Mad Priest awoke from another strange dream, trembling violently with the memory. His head ached as if from a hangover. He was wasting away in this prison, all the meat on his bones turning to thin strips of skin that clung to his frail skeleton like wet rags. There were puncture wounds in his neck, but his memory had blanks. His skull throbbed when he tried to remember the night before. His prison mate terrified him, but he couldn\'92t say why. It had only been a week since Parson Sinews had moved into the adjacent cell. In that short time, the Mad Priest had begun to die.\
He had visions of green ghosts dancing at the edges of his vision, phosphorescent images flitting in his peripheral like faeries. He climbed out of his bed, shaking his head as if to clear the visions. Occasionally, when he looked at Mr. Sinews, he saw wings at his back. Like the broken wings of Lucifer himself, his wings were broad, feathered. His feathers were a green so dark they might have been black. Other times, he saw Sinews as an ordinary man. He began to wonder which was the illusion\'97the man or the angel.\
The memory of his dreams played out in his mind. His dreams were not his own.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360

\i \cf0 He remembered the sound of Parson Sinews\'92 leather shoes on cobblestone, louder than he might have expected from a man who walked with such grace and poise. The sound echoed in the still night air. The quiet was interrupted only by the dance of shoes on stone, and with that stillness came the sensation that if he were to stop and listen, he would hear nothing but the sound of his own blood pulsing through his veins.
\i0 \
He shrunk back in his cell, remembering the dream as vividly as if he were still asleep. He saw green eyes in the darkness.\

\i Accompanying the rhythm of his footsteps came the tap of Parson\'92s walking stick. He did not lean heavily upon the cane but used it to accentuate the rhythm of his gait and to disturb the unnerving quiet as much as possible. Of all the things worth enduring, silence did not rank high on Parson\'92s list. Not merely in the auditory realm, Parson craved the chaotic and the voluminous. This silence disturbed him. The Mad Priest felt Parson\'92s hatred running through him.
\i0 \

\i Parson quickened his step, increased the force with which he tapped his cane upon the ground, and abandoned the street in favor of a nearby alley.
\i0  
\i The alleyway quickly brought him to his fianc\'e9\'92s residence. He knocked on the door.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \'93This prison,\'94 said his fellow prisoner, startling him. \'93It can\'92t stay airborne forever, can it? Occasionally they\'92ll have to land somewhere for fuel and supplies and to keep the balloons full of hydrogen.\'94\
Though the priest feared his fellow prisoner, he couldn\'92t help but respond kindly. He doubted himself more than he doubted his fellow man. His visions were a symptom of his own madness, not proof of his prison mate\'92s villainy.\
\'93Of course,\'94 he said. \'93You\'92re right, although the ship doesn\'92t land often. It can refuel in mid-air, and it is capable of generating more hydrogen even without landing. It does land, of course, but if you\'92re thinking that the best time to escape is when the ship is aground, I\'92m afraid you may be mistaken. The security is relaxed when we\'92re in the sky, because the guards know as well as we do that even if you do escape your cell, there\'92s nowhere for you to go. But when we land, that\'92s when you\'92ll see a change in the guards, not just in their number, but also in the seriousness with which they take their jobs. No, your best chance of escape is when we\'92re airborne.\'94\
\'93And then what? We just fly out of here?\'94\

\i Why not? You\'92ve got wings.
\i0  He almost said it aloud, but instead he kept his mouth shut.\
\'93First things first, we need to get out of our cells. How do we do that?\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360

\i \cf0 \'93Bonsoir, Rachelle,\'94 he heard Sinews\'92 voice saying.\
At first, he had thought it was Camille at the door. She had the same beautiful auburn eyes and caramel-colored skin, her hair pulled into neat cornrows, just like her sister\'92s. How the Mad Priest knew that, he didn\'92t know, but he knew that they looked so much alike that Sinews had often gotten them confused. He knew that Rachelle had found it amusing to play little jokes on him, planting kisses on his cheeks and calling him sweetheart. Sinews had learned to recognize their subtle differences since then. The way Camille held her hand on her hip when she was angry, the way she pouted when she was sad, the uninhibited way she laughed. There were physical differences too, but those were less obvious.\
\'93O\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'f9 est-elle\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ?\'94 he asked. 
\i0 Where is she?
\i \
\'93Suivez-moi,\'94 Rachelle replied. Her French had the same Haitian accent as her sister\'92s, but her voice was colder than Camille\'92s.\
He stepped through the threshold of the door, and walked into that familiar household with its smells and sounds that brought memories rushing back violently. The smell of coffee beans from the kitchen. The scent of lemon that always seemed to permeate the hallway for whatever reason. The smell of Camille\'92s perfume from the stairway.\
He did as instructed and followed Camille\'92s twin up a flight of stairs, then down a dimly lit hallway and into the bedroom.\
A wave of nausea struck him like a kick to the gut.
\i0 \
\'93Priest?\'94\
Pieres shook with the memory of the dream as he returned to the present. He was dying. This prison was killing him. He needed to escape as badly as his fellow prisoner did, but he knew somehow that only one of them would leave 
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0  alive.\
\'93How do we get out of our cells?\'94 he demanded.\

\i Camille had a mask sewn to her face made of a jumbled mass of animal and human skin, fur and bone. A pair of dog\'92s ears replaced her own. Both arms were connected to her shoulders by a system of pistons and winches. The mechanical parts ran straight through her, replacing her skeletal system with machinery. With the grinding of clockwork gears, she raised her arm and waved. The gesture was so delicate, so human, so familiar, that Pieres wanted to gag and choke. He tried to awaken from his reverie, but he couldn\'92t.\
As the grinding of gears continued, she lowered her arm and smiled.\
As had been done to her arms, her legs had been altered as well, severed and reattached in the same manner. But it was not merely her own legs that had been sewn back on. She\'92d gained a few new pairs as well, making her a hideous parody of Arachne. Eight bare legs, each pair different from the other, and each one covered in scars and stitches from thigh to toe. The Mad Priest wondered if this was a memory or a nightmare. Had Sinews really killed this woman or had he just dreamed it? Or was he just mad?\
He wanted to look away. He needed to. He felt sick, but still he found himself drawing closer to Camille.\
He drew closer still, closer, until he was near enough to touch her. Near enough to look into her eyes. He laid a hand on her face, as gently as he could.\
There was a clicking sound, followed by that same grinding of gears, the whirring of mechanical parts, and the nauseating sound of dead flesh creaking as it moved, reanimated by the automaton beneath her skin.\
The sound was tinny and unclear, but the voice was hers. \'93Wake up, Father,\'94 she told him. \'93You need to wake up.\'94\

\i0 His eyes snapped open. He looked into green eyes\'97and dreamed no more.}