{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Monsieur Steen! Monsieur Steen!\'94 the petit Frenchman cried, weaving through a crowd of pedestrians, bumping into passersby and causing baguettes and oranges to spill onto the ground, and trying to keep up with his employer.\
Roderick, meanwhile, had selective hearing. He sashayed through the throng of pedestrians, parting the sea like a foppish Moses, and pretended not to hear Antoine. He tapped his cane musically on the sidewalk.\
\'93Come along, Antoine,\'94 he called behind him. \'93Let\'92s take a stroll along the Seine.\'94\
Antoine had his arms full with art supplies\'97a whole suitcase worth of paints and brushes\'97as they had just been to Roderick\'92s supplier, and he was also trying to keep Bailey in line. The Yorkshire Terrier continued to pull at the lead whenever he smelt a squirrel or a pigeon. Consequently, Antoine was in very grave danger of dropping something.\
\'93But Monsieur!\'94 he called, \'93your studio is 
\i that
\i0  way!\'94\
Roderick\'92s cheeks dimpled. He didn\'92t know why he enjoyed torturing Antoine so much, but he did. He couldn\'92t help it. Perhaps it was that the small Frenchman reminded him of R\'e9my, who\'92d been killed in the Resurrectionist attack on London. Then again, everything in Paris reminded him of R\'e9my. He sighed wistfully.\
\'93Ah, mon cher,\'94 he said to the wind. Finally, he stopped to allow Antoine and Bailey to catch up. He smiled into the glorious sunshine and stretched his arms to bask in its warmth, while his assistant panted to catch his breath and Bailey raised a leg and marked a lamp post.\
\'93Sir\'97\'94 he heaved, \'93we\'92re\'97going\'97the\'97\'94\
\'93Wrong way?\'94 said Roderick. \'93Antoine, my love, we\'92re in Paris. There is no wrong way. The sun is shining, there is the scent of freshly baked bread on every corner, and I can hear distant accordions playing 
\i Fr\'e8re Jacques
\i0 . What\'92s your rush?\'94\
Antoine gave his employer a meaningful look and indicated his armfuls of baggage. Roderick sighed.\
\'93Very well,\'94 he relented, taking Bailey to lighten the load. \'93Away we go.\'94\
Without another word, Roderick changed direction began the parade down the promenade, his colorful scarf trailing in the wind and his assistant quickly falling behind again.\
He noticed a beautiful woman stopping to look through a baker\'92s window at the croissants sitting on the shelf. She had the most striking auburn eyes, skin the color of rich caramel, and dark hair in neat cornrows. He had just seen her up ahead a minute earlier, when he\'92d been heading the other way. Roderick had an eidetic memory, which was one of the secrets to his success as an artist; he could paint a model without needing a reference. He was certain he\'92d seen her standing ahead of them before changing directions, and now she was ahead of them again. Had she doubled back and slipped past them unnoticed?\
He noticed Bailey\'92s hackles raising, and the dog\'92s little teeth poking out. He gave a low growl, which was unusual. Bailey was usually very friendly.\
\'93Bonjour,\'94 he said politely.\
She smiled and looked up from the window as he passed. \'93Bonjour.\'94\
She returned her attention to the window as Roderick looked over his shoulder and waited for Antoine to catch up again. He had to tug at the leash to keep Bailey from the woman. As soon as he continued on his way, the woman turned away from the shop and began following them.\
Roderick took a sudden turn, acting as though he was pursuing a sudden flight of fancy. Bailey yelped in protest, and so did Antoine.\
\'93What!\'94 cried the flustered Frenchman. \'93Your studio is 
\i that
\i0  way, Monsieur Steen! 
\i That way!\'94\

\i0 \'93Shortcut,\'94 Roderick answered, jaunting across the street in front of a hackney. The driver shouted a curse at him and pulled at the reins to stop his horse from running Roderick over. Ignoring the irate driver, Roderick ducked into a narrow alleyway and gestured for Antoine to hurry up. His assistant joined him. Not a moment later, the woman headed down the same street, looked both ways, then crossed the street toward the alley.\
\'93I knew it,\'94 Roderick said under his breath. \'93I knew Bailey wouldn\'92t get so agitated over nothing.\'94\
He turned to Antoine. \'93We\'92ve got trouble,\'94 he said, urging him onward. He darted down a winding street, leading them even further from his studio. \'93We\'92re being followed. Leave the suitcase if you have to, Antoine, but whatever you do, keep up.\'94\
Antoine\'92s face flushed. \'93Leave the suitcase?\'94 he protested. \'93Do you know how much all that paint is worth?\'94\
\'93It isn\'92t worth more than your life,\'94 Roderick answered. \'93Now, come. We\'92ve got to get going.\'94}