{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 One look at the long stretch of the Thames at the broken pier, and it was clear that the town of Gravesend would never be the same. Even days after the devastating attack on the village, and there were still bloodstains on every street. They were still sweeping{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://511E2C73-B49F-463F-B633-A04107C31FFC"}}{\fldrslt  spent ammunition}} and fragments of rotten carapace off the streets. They were still rebuilding homes and clearing out the rubble the 
\i beast
\i0  had left behind.\
Some of the airship\'92s own crew were among the many slain during the battle, but Kasumi was not among them. Not yet, anyway. Annabel was seated at her bedside. The girl was still unconscious. Her sword leaned against the wall of her bedroom. Annabel had arranged to let more rooms from Mrs. Miller. The town hailed the crew of the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  as heroes, but Annabel didn\'92t feel it.\
\'93It\'92s my fault,\'94 she said. \'93I should have done it myself. What was I thinking, trusting a girl to do a woman\'92s job?\'94\
\'93A girl? She\'92s older than she looks, you know. Anyway, this is the Resurrectionists\'92 fault,\'94 Jonathan said, with feeling.\
His hands tightened into fists whenever he spoke of them. The rogue scientists had taken everything from them\'97their city, their livelihood, their friends, Jonathan\'92s mother. Even outside of London, their lives were haunted by the Resurrectionists. Annabel\'92s prosthetic arm and eye were a constant reminder of her encounters with them.\
\'93Do you think she\'92ll ever wake up?\'94 she asked.\
\'93The doctors seem to think so,\'94 Jonathan offered.\
Annabel said nothing. She\'92d heard what the doctors had said herself. She wanted to hear what Jonathan thought. That he was falling back on the words of doctors meant he was no more hopeful than she was. She stood and headed to the doorway.\
\'93I need some air. Someone should stay with her in case she wakes,\'94 she said, heading outside.\
She shut the door, leaned against it, and sank to the floor. She hugged her knees and began to cry. She wasn\'92t just crying for Kasumi. Some of the men who worked the docks had become friends of hers over the past few weeks. She\'92d shared drinks at the Three Daws with several of them. She\'92d met members of the 
\i Penny Dreadful 
\i0 crew who\'92d died in the battle. She clenched her fist and slammed it against the wall. Brick crumbled around her fist, and she swore. She hadn\'92t meant to do that.\
She stood when she heard Mrs. Miller come running, and quickly dried her eyes. She sniffed. Her cheeks turned red as the landlady took in the scene.\
\'93Everything all right, girl?\'94\
Annabel nodded. \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 she said. \'93Sometimes I forget my own strength. I\'92ll pay for the damage.\'94\
\'93You already have, dearie,\'94 Mrs. Miller replied, patting the diamond necklace she was wearing.\
Annabel smiled. She was glad her gift was going to good use. Better Mrs. Miller have it than those rich toffs at the docks. She winced, suddenly feeling a pang of guilt. Those rich toffs were probably dead now.\
\'93This just came in the mail,\'94 said her landlady, showing her an envelope. \'93It\'92s addressed to your friend, Mr. Grimmer. Is he in there?\'94\
Annabel nodded. \'93I\'92m surprised the mail\'92s still coming with everything that\'92s going on.\'94\
\'93Well, I\'92m just scratchin\'92 me \'91ead tryin\'92 to figure out \'91ow anyone knew Mr. Grimmer was at Gravesend.\'94\
\'93Fair point,\'94 Annabel replied, taking the letter. \'93I\'92ll see that Mr. Grimmer gets this. Thank you, Mrs. Miller.\'94\
\'93Let me know if you need anythin\'92 else, love.\'94\
Annabel managed a smile and thanked Mrs. Miller again. Then she looked at the crisp blue envelope, sealed with wax, and addressed with neat, elegant penmanship. It was addressed to \'93Jonathan Grimmer at Gravesend.\'94 The return address was a Parisian residence that Annabel recognized. It was Roderick Steen\'92s address.\
She opened the door to Kasumi\'92s room and stepped inside, holding the envelope up to show Jonathan. Her heart froze the moment she entered the room. All the warmth had gone out of the bedroom. Kasumi lay completely still. Even the gentle rise and fall of her chest had stopped. Jonathan wasn\'92t looking at Kasumi, but his eyes fixed on Annabel and began to water at the sight of her. The envelope dropped to the floor.\
\'93I only left for a minute,\'94 Annabel said, her voice starting to break.\

\i \'93I know,\'94
\i0  was all Jonathan said in reply. He got to his feet and put his arms around her, and then the tears came, unbidden, from her one good eye. Her other eye clicked and whirred uncertainly as her body heaved with painful sobs. She let Jonathan hold her. She didn\'92t care if crying made her ugly, or weak. Kasumi had fought beside her. As far as Annabel was concerned, that made her more than a friend. She was a sister.\
\'93She was so brave,\'94 she said.\
\'93She was,\'94 Jonathan agreed. There was sadness in his voice too, and Annabel was comforted to know that he felt as she did.\
She removed herself from the embrace and tried to pull herself together. She looked down at Kasumi, just in time to see the girl\'92s eyelids flick open.\
\'93Did you see that?\'94 she whispered to Jonathan.\
\'93See what?\'94\
Suddenly, Kasumi sat up, and Jonathan staggered back in alarm. For one heartbreaking second, Annabel thought that Kas was still alive. She wasn\'92t. She was moving again, but she wasn\'92t alive.\
\'93The sword!\'94 Annabel shouted as Kas crawled out of bed and lunged toward her. \'93I\'92ll hold her off.\'94\
Annabel wasn\'92t in any real danger. She\'92d been bitten by zombies before and lived to tell the tale. As far as she knew, she was immune to infection. It was likely that so was Jonathan. That didn\'92t make this any less horrifying though. One way or another, they needed to put Kas down for good.\
She danced around Kas as the dead girl lunged after her, clumsy and stiff. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Jonathan retrieve the sword.\
\'93Leave,\'94 he told her. \'93There\'92s no need for you to see this.\'94\
\'93No, Jonathan. Give me the sword. I\'92ll do it.\'94\
\'93Go,\'94 Jonathan insisted.\
Annabel relented. As Kas continued to chase her, she headed to the door. Then Jonathan shouted to get Kas\'92s attention, and she turned, snarling and slobbering like a feral animal. Annabel took one last look at her. There was no trace of the Kasumi Hattori she\'92d known. She was a mere husk, a shell for the virus to control, an unthinking cadaver. She wouldn\'92t have wanted to live like that.\
Annabel slipped out of the room, grateful that Jonathan was here.}