{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A train whistled in the distance. Two cups of Earl Grey steamed on the table, rattling as the train rattled past. Roderick risked taking a sip, burnt his tongue, and returned the cup to the table, eyeing it like he would a dog that had bitten him. Roderick had invited Parson to tea under the pretense of simply killing time while waiting for Jonathan to arrive in Paris, but he had an ulterior motive. There was something he wanted to ask Parson. It was the same question that had caused two Resurrectionist women to chase Roderick across the city, kidnap his assistant and his dog, and to kill an innocent bystander just to get the answer. Perhaps they were right; if Parson were to see the prison for himself, he might be able to figure it out on his own, but he had no wish to see 
\i Chateau d\'92If 
\i0 any time soon, especially if he could simply ask.\
\'93How 
\i did
\i0  you manage to escape?\'94 Roderick asked.\
Parson grinned. \'93I flew away, just as you said.\'94\
Roderick scoffed. \'93Really, Parson, sometimes you\'92re more irritating than charming. Tell me, truly, how did you get away?\'94\
Parson inclined his head, picked up his own cup of tea and drank from it. \'93Very well,\'94 he said.\
He began with his meeting with Jonathan Grimmer, three years ago, the day the Resurrectionists began their 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 , spreading the virile 
\i Lazarus Virus
\i0  throughout London. Roderick had heard this part from Jonathan before\'97Parson had been captured by Resurrectionists posing as policemen. The former Resurrectionist lab had contained a few cells for prisoners, and Parson had been taken there. This side of the story, Roderick had heard from Annabel, who\'92d been in the adjacent cell. Annabel managed to get out. Parson did not. He was drugged and taken to 
\i Chateau d\'92If,
\i0  where he spent the next three years planning his escape.\
He told Parson about a man he\'92d met in prison, a priest who became something of a mentor to Parson. It was the priest who gave Parson the idea for how he might escape, through a narrow gap in his door, through which the guards slid his plate of food each day. On the priest\'92s advice, he spent years improving his flexibility so that he might slip through the gap, learning the routines of the guards to avoid capture, and assembling the necessary supplies to get away.\
In the end, it took three years before Parson was able to crawl, unnoticed, through the narrow slot in the door, arching his back and craning his neck like a contortionist to slide through. He had to do the same again to enter the priest\'92s cell.\
He had promised to take the priest with him when he escaped, but he was forced to rescind his promise, as the priest had died, this being the catalyst that prompted Parson to finally attempt the escape he had been planning for three years.\
\'93How did he die?\'94 Roderick asked.\
\'93He took ill,\'94 Parson answered.\
\'93So then what?\'94\
\'93I climbed through the window and jumped,\'94 said Parson, taking another sip of his tea.\
Roderick frowned. \'93From hundreds of feet in the air? Parson, be serious. What really happened? You know I\'92ll not rest until I have the answer.\'94\
Parson\'92s lips curled. \'93You always were persistent,\'94 he admitted. He smiled, flashing his bright green eyes at Roderick. For a moment, Roderick was certain that Parson was still not going to answer. He seemed to be considering something, chewing on his lower lip as he often did when he was deep in thought. Even after all this time apart, his mannerisms were still familiar to Roderick. Even so, Roderick did not delude himself that he knew all of Parson\'92s secrets. 
\i Most
\i0  of his former lover\'92s secrets were a mystery, even to him, but that had never bothered him. As far as Roderick was concerned, the power of a secret came from keeping it.\
At last, Parson ceased chewing on his lip, apparently having come to some decision. He removed his jacket, letting it fall onto the back of his chair, pealed off his gloves and put his bare hands on Roderick\'92s face. He stared into Roderick\'92s eyes, and 
\i beyond
\i0  them, so that Roderick could almost feel his eyes touching the very depths of his soul.\
Something danced at the edge of his vision like a wisp of steam, spreading out in a medicinal green as Parson Sinews\'92 eyes pierced deeper\'85\

\i Deeper
\i0 \'85\

\i Deeper
\i0 \'85\
Light began to bend and warp strangely, to shimmer and vibrate, as if reality itself was shaking itself apart from its very foundations. It was is if he had fallen asleep and begun to dream.\
As his vision of the world began to change, Roderick\'92s attention became fixated on Parson. There was something different about him, but it was difficult to place. Had he always had those greenish black wings at his back? Roderick wasn\'92t certain. Surely his smile had always been gleaming with shark-like teeth? Had that sheen of shimmering green light not always trailed behind him when he moved? Had he not always been at once hideous and beautiful to behold?\
The longer Roderick stared at his once lover, the more he doubted that anything was different about him at all. He know that he had seen this side of Parson before, too. Yes, he was certain he had seen this side before. More than that, he knew that it was 
\i always
\i0  there, just beyond the veil, if he could only see it as he did now.\
It was as if he was now seeing the world as a drunk and that eventually, he would sober up again. With that sobriety would come memory loss. Black spots in his mind, evanescent traces of what he had seen and done while intoxicated that would shrink away and disappear when he tried to reach them.\
Holding Roderick\'92s gaze with his eyes, Parson finally answered the question. 
\i How had he gotten out of prison? 
\i0 His answer was the same as he\'92d given earlier, only this time, Roderick believed him.\
\'93I flew away,\'94 he said. His words were whispers, which crept under Roderick\'92s skin. \'93I drank the blood of the Mad Priest. Each day I drank from him until finally it killed him. After that, I knew I couldn\'92t stay any longer. Not without fresh blood to sustain me. I had been practicing every day, improving my flexibility and training myself for when the time came. Once I made it into the old man\'92s cell, I climbed through the window and flew away.\'94\
Roderick shrank back, suddenly terrified of his company. \'93What 
\i are
\i0  you?\'94 he said, horrified by the revelation.\
A crescent smile of sharp teeth answered him. \'93I am the green fairy. My robe is the color of despair,\'94 Parson answered, reciting some poem with which Roderick was not familiar, its verses morbid and terrifying through Parson\'92s still-smiling lips. \'93I am ruin and sorrow. I am shame. I am dishonor. I am death. I am Absinthe.\'94\
He shut his eyes, and just as quickly, the world returned to normal.\
Roderick rubbed his aching head. \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he said, disoriented and suddenly very tired. He tried to remember where their conversation had left off, and realized he must have let his mind wander. He had just asked Parson about his escape from 
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0 , but he could feel there was an icy tension between them. \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he said again. \'93I didn\'92t mean to pry. Really, I\'92m just glad to have you back.\'94\
He stood, feeling dizzy.\
\'93I hate to end our tea so abruptly, but I\'92m afraid I\'92m not feeling myself just now. I believe I\'92ll head home and lie down for a bit, if you don\'92t mind. S\'e9bastien will surely be getting jealous by now anyway; he doesn\'92t like me spending time with you, you know.\'94\
Parson smirked. \'93Be sure to tell S\'e9bastien he has nothing to worry about,\'94 he said. \'93You\'92re perfectly safe in my company.\'94}