{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The moment the woman saw that she\'92d been noticed, she gave up trying to be stealthy. She broke into a run, tearing across the street and heading for the alley. She was fast, her long legs lithe and muscular.\
\'93Run!\'94 Roderick cried, scooping up Bailey in his arms and taking off at a sprint. Antoine followed, still hauling the suitcase behind him.\
Roderick stopped to unhook Bailey\'92s collar and set the dog free. Then he snatched the suitcase from his assistant, opened it in one quick motion, and let the paint canisters tumble onto the ground. He dropped the case, grabbed his wide-eyed assistant, and took off running again. He risked a glance over his shoulder and saw a blur in his peripheral as the leapt over the paint cans. A moment later, she leapt over the suitcase. They\'92d barely slowed her down.\
\'93Keep going,\'94 Roderick urged. \'93This way.\'94\
The alley opened onto 
\i Rue Tiquetonne. 
\i0 Roderick had a map of Paris etched in his mind, and this was his only weapon in this chase.
\i  
\i0 The street was bustling with a flurry of activity, and Roderick weaved his way through it. He pushed his way through a crowd gathered in front of the florist\'92s shop, and dashed through the front door of a caf\'e9. He pushed past the barista, weaved through the tables, and shoved open the back door with a jangle of bells. Bailey yipped and scampered through the door, Antoine shouting apologies in French as he followed.\
Roderick craned his neck to see the woman still following. He watched in horror as she put a knife in the neck of someone barring her path. Roderick\'92s blood went cold. Her blade punctured the man\'92s throat with scientific precision, and his face froze in a horrific death mask as blood spurted from his wound. The woman stepped over his body, clutching the bloody blade, and headed to the door. Roderick heard screams from behind him as he ran across the next street.\
Even amidst the crowd, it was clear she wouldn\'92t hesitate to put a knife in his back if she caught him. He pressed on, dragging Antoine away from the scene.\
He didn\'92t stop to wonder what this woman wanted with him. She was a Resurrectionist. That much was clear. He\'92d always known they\'92d find him eventually. After all, he\'92d put a bullet in Anthony Tidkins, the Resurrection Man, who the Resurrectionists revered like a god. He\'92d known they\'92d come after him. He just hadn\'92t thought they would find him this soon.\
\'93Come on!\'94 he shouted, and finally, Antoine understood the urgency of their situation. Roderick could see him matching his pace, out of the corner of his eye. \'93This way!\'94\
Again, he tried to lose her in an alley. His lungs burned, but there was no stopping now. He\'92d hoped to lose her as he ducked into an alcove, but another glance over his shoulder told him that the woman still had them in her sights. There was no hiding. All they could do was run.\
His feet pounded on the cobblestones. Still the woman gained.\
Roderick was tall and lanky, but he rarely exercised. He couldn\'92t keep this up for long, but he was more worried about Antoine, who was already falling behind. He grabbed his assistant by the hand and hurried him around the corner. They collided with a man on a bicycle. The cyclist cursed, falling from the vehicle and skidding on the pavement. He stood up, swearing, his clothes torn.\
Roderick simply stepped up to him, tightened his hand into a fist, and cocked him in the eye. He grabbed the bicycle, told Antoine to get on it, and put Bailey in the basket. Already, the woman had caught up. \'93Go!\'94 he shouted at Antoine. \'93Save yourself! Don\'92t worry about me!\'94\
The woman grabbed him by the wrist, drew her knife and pointed it at Roderick\'92s throat, but Roderick was ready. He flicked the knife away with his cane, surprising her. Roderick didn\'92t look like the sort of man who could defend himself, but he had trained in bartitsu. Taking advantage of her surprise, he followed up with a brutal 
\i crack
\i0  of the cane, and she fell to her knees\
He pulled off the cap of the cane and drew the sword he had sheathed within it. Roderick lunged, and the woman went on the defensive. He had her now that he\'92d disarmed her. 
\i Shouldn\'92t have bothered running
\i0 , he thought, thrusting with the sword. Suddenly, he felt a pair of strong arms at his neck, choking him.\
\'93Batard!\'94 he heard the man curse in French. The damned cyclist had jumped him from behind.\
The woman laughed musically, her voice deceptively soft, as she grabbed the knife from where it had fallen. At last, Roderick managed to twist out of the cyclist\'92s grip. He struck the man again for good measure, then took off running again, this time in the opposite direction, back into the shadows of the alley.\
He ran until his chest ached and his feet stung, and still he kept running. Everywhere he turned, he could feel the woman\'92s presence behind him, even when he didn\'92t dare risk another look behind him. She was a relentless hunter, and he was the prey. He thought about stopping and trying to fight again, but then he thought of the man in the caf\'e9, and thought better of it. She was a ruthless killer; he\'92d gotten lucky when he\'92d surprised her. He might not be able to do that again. Better to run.\
He leapt over a fruit stand, causing the merchant to jump up and exclaim, \'93
\i mon dieu!\'94
\i0  Seconds later, he heard the man shout the same exclamation, meaning the woman was only a second behind him. His only comfort was that Antoine and Bailey had gotten away.\
He could practically feel her breath at his back, and he imagined that cold blade thrust into his neck. How in the hell was he going to lose her?\
He needed to do something.\
He darted across the road, down a side street. He was beginning to slow. How long had he been running already? He took another sharp turn. Still he could hear her, gaining, always gaining on him.\

\i Do something, do something, do something
\i0 .\
He dashed onto the road, dodging a passing hansom and had a stroke of genius. As the next carriage came rolling past, an open Victoria with the driver on a raised seat at the rear, Roderick grabbed hold of it. It wasn\'92t going fast, but it was going faster than he was running. The cart\'92s momentum hauled him off his feet. He dropped his swordstick and scrambled to find purchase. Hanging tight, he tried to lift himself up onto the raised seat, legs swinging below.\
The driver, noticing his unwanted passenger, turned around and started yelling at him in French. Roderick ignored him and tried to haul himself up. It wasn\'92t easy, as the carriage bumped along the road, but the driver made it more difficult still, when he started hitting Roderick with his horsewhip.\
\'93Ouch!\'94 Roderick cried, \'93stop that!\'94\
Finally, he managed to heave himself onto the seat beside the driver, who was still trying to whip him. Roderick grab the whip and managed to wrest it from the irate driver. Once he had the whip in hand, he turned around to see his pursuer finally falling behind. She had stopped running, but there was a look on her face that unsettled him. It was a look that suggested she knew something that Roderick didn\'92t.}