{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick realized something was wrong the moment he put his hand on the latch. The lock had been forced open. Warily, he opened the door and stepped into the studio. The gas lights were already flickering, though he\'92d switched off the gas before he left. He swung around, looking for any further signs of the intruder, and saw the woman.\
\'93How in the hell\'97\'94 he breathed.\
He\'92d lost her when he\'92d clambered aboard the carriage. There was no way she could have beaten him here. He considered how he\'92d first seen her on the street ahead of him, but when he\'92d turned around, she\'92d been ahead of him again. It was as if she could be in two places at one. The only explanation was that there were two of her. This one wasn\'92t bleeding from her forehead where he\'92d hit her with the cane.\
\'93Twins,\'94 he said.\
The woman smiled. \'93Ah, you 
\i are
\i0  clever,\'94 she said, speaking in French. \'93I\'92m Rachelle. I see you\'92ve met my sister.\'94\
Roderick sneered. He replied in English out of spite. \'93Oh, yes. We\'92ve met. Gave her a nasty blow to the head, and I\'92ll do the same to you if you take one more step forward.\'94\
The woman tutted. \'93I think we got off on the wrong foot,\'94 she said, still speaking in French. She spoke with a foreign dialect. Roderick didn\'92t exactly have an ear for dialects, but he could make an educated guess. The woman was from one of the French colonies. 
\i Haiti?
\i0  \'93I\'92m not here to kill you, Mr. Steen, if that\'92s why you were running. In fact, we need your help.\'94\
\'93My help?\'94 Roderick scoffed. He shouldn\'92t have been surprised to learn this woman was insane; why else would she join the Resurrectionists? The term 
\i mad scientists
\i0  was basically invented to describe their once-secret society. \'93Why in the hell would I want to help you?\'94\
\'93Because,\'94 she said, her voice more sultry than her sister\'92s dulcet tones, \'93we have leverage.\'94\
\'93What sort of leverage?\'94 Roderick wanted to know.\
\'93While my sister was chasing you halfway across the city, I was waiting for you here, and our 
\i third
\i0  sister\'85well, she was very keen on meeting your assistant,\'94 she said. \'93You thought we were twins, Mr. Steen? We\'92re triplets.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'93What have you done with Antoine?\'94 Roderick fumed, even as he took in this new information. \'93If you\'92ve harmed a hair on his head\'97\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'93I\'92ve got Bailey as well,\'94 he heard a voice from behind.\
A second sister stepped into the room, a knife around Antoine\'92s throat. There was a gash in the woman\'92s forehead. She had Bailey in her free hand, and the dog yipped at the sight of his master. Roderick started to act, but the sister raised the knife blade and warned him not to move.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 said Antoine, and Roderick\'92s heart melted. Even now, Antoine wasn\'92t think about himself. \'93I tried to get away. What do they want with you, Roderick?\'94\
\'93Where do we go from here?\'94 he said, turning to Rachelle.\
\'93Give him the dog, but keep hold of the assistant. If he makes any sudden moves, cut his throat,\'94 she told her sister. She turned to Roderick, auburn eyes fierce and terrifying. \'93We understand that in the past you\'92ve helped Scotland Yard with their investigations into the Resurrectionists,\'94 she said. \'93By all accounts, you\'92re a genius at deduction.\'94\
\'93You might have led with flattery and passed on kidnapping my assistant,\'94 Roderick spat.\
\'93We\'92ve had a prisoner escape from 
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0 ,\'94 said Rachelle, ignoring him.\
\'93We want you to tell us how he did it,\'94 said the second sister.\
\'93Sounds like this prisoner\'92s got you spooked,\'94 Roderick observed.\
\'93Maybe he has,\'94 Rachelle admitted. \'93
\i Chateau d\'92If 
\i0 is an airship. He escaped while it was a thousand feet in the air.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'93Perhaps he sprouted wings and flew away.\'94\
\'93You\'92re playing with this one\'92s life,\'94 said the sister with her knife to Antoine\'92s throat. A single bead of blood formed on the assistant\'92s neck.\
\'93What makes you think I knew how he got away?\'94 he asked, waving for the woman to stop. \'93If I knew, I would tell you. Just let him go, please!\'94\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
\'93We don\'92t think you know how he got away. We think you can figure it out when you see the prison for yourself.\'94\
Then the lights went out, the room went dark\'97save for a thin sliver of light filtered through thick curtains and a cloud of dust\'97and everything turned to chaos.\
\'93What was that?\'94 one of the sisters shouted.\
\'93Cut his throat!\'94 Rachelle shrieked.\
Roderick heard the knife clatter to the floor. He saw a blur of green light and heard a rustle of cloth. There was a flurry of motion, and the flutter of iridescent wings of greenish black that glinted in the dim light.\
A crescent of white caught the dim light, and Roderick recognized it as a smile. Sharp white teeth. He heard the flick of a blade and smelt blood. White teeth turned red. There was a blur of motion, a green shadow that melted in the darkness and formed again behind Rachelle. He heard a scream\'97cut short.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 Blood spattered across the thing sliver of light from the window, and the woman\'92s body hit the floor. Antoine screamed and reached for Roderick\'92s hand. Bailey barked furiously.\
But just as quickly as the scene had turned to chaos, the scene suddenly stilled. The blur of motion resolved into a figure in the darkness. As Roderick\'92s eyes adjusted to the darkness, he began to recognize the familiar lines and edges that belonged to the shadow.\
\'93Parson?\'94 he said, letting go of Antoine\'92s hand and stepping toward the figure.\
Green eyes looked back at him.\
\'93Hello Roderick.\'94}