{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Suddenly, the lights went out. The room went dark\'97save for a thin sliver of light filtered through a small, grime-coated window with thick curtains\'97and everything turned to chaos.\
\'93What was that?\'94 one of the sisters shouted.\
\'93Cut his throat!\'94 Rachelle shrieked.\
Roderick heard the knife clatter to the floor. He saw a blur of green light and heard a rustle of cloth. There was a flurry of motion, and the flutter of iridescent wings of greenish black that glinted in the dim light.\
A crescent of white caught the dim light, and Roderick recognized it as a smile. Sharp white teeth. He heard the flick of a blade and smelt blood. White teeth turned red. There was a blur of motion, a green shadow that melted in the darkness and formed again behind Rachelle. He heard a scream\'97cut short.\
Blood spattered across the thing sliver of light from the window, and the woman\'92s body hit the floor. S\'e9bastien screamed and reached for Roderick\'92s hand. Bailey barked furiously.\
But just as quickly as the scene had turned to chaos, the scene suddenly stilled. The blur of motion resolved into a figure in the darkness. As Roderick\'92s eyes adjusted to the darkness, he began to recognize the familiar lines and edges that belonged to the shadow.\
He let go of S\'e9bastien\'92s hand and stepped toward the figure.\
Green eyes looked back at him.\
\'93Hello Roderick.\'94}