{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Bailey wagged his tail when he recognized the shadowy figure in his master\'92s studio, and danced circles around the man. Roderick was no less excited to see his familiar face. He put his hands on Parson\'92s shoulders, looked into his intoxicating green eyes, and kissed him on the lips. Parson grinned. \'93It\'92s good to see you, too, Roderick.\'94\
Antoine coughed awkwardly.\
Roderick stepped away from Parson, cheeks reddening. \'93I\'92m sorry. How rude of me. Parson Sinews, this is Antoine Bilodeau, my, er, assistant. Antoine, Parson is an old, er, friend\'85\'94\
Antoine huffed. \'93An 
\i old
\i0  friend indeed,\'94 said the younger man, looking Sinews up and down critically.\
If he was searching for flaws in Parson\'92s complexion, he would be hard pressed to find them. Antoine had the charm of youth, but where looks were concerned, Parson was a greek god and Antoine was a farm boy.\
Still, Roderick felt that to say anything further would be akin to poking an irritated viper with a stick. Not a good idea. He turned away from Parson and flicked the gas lights back on, illuminating the gory scene that had taken over Roderick\'92s studio.\
The two sisters lay sprawled out on the floor, their throats torn open. Parson\'92s clothes were stained with blood. Roderick shrunk back in disgust. He looked down at his own clothes and saw that they\'92d gotten bloody as well. Again, he regretted kissing Parson. It had been years since he\'92d last seen him, though, and although they\'92d long since broken off their romantic relationship, it was easy to fall back into old habits. Besides, he\'92d begun to think he might never see Parson again. After he\'92d been taken by the Resurrectionists to 
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0 \'85\
\'93
\i You\'92re
\i0  the escaped prisoner,\'94 he realized. \'93They were after 
\i you
\i0 .\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Parson admitted. \'93I\'92m sorry for all the trouble they\'92ve caused you, by the way. I\'92d meant to get to them sooner. I had some difficulty tracking them, especially once I realized\'85\'94 He stooped over to get a closer look at the women\'92s faces.\
\'93Realized what?\'94 asked Antoine, still sulking.\
\'93That they weren\'92t twins.\'94\
\'93What do you mean? Of course they are. Look at them. They're identical!\'94\
Parson shook his head. \'93No,\'94 he said, putting his hand on one of the bodies. He turned her neck to get a closer look at a birth mark that was hidden at the nape of her neck. \'93This one is Rachelle. Her sister, Camille, and I were engaged to be married,\'94 he said, and he turned to examine the second body. \'93but 
\i this
\i0  is not Camille. I\'92ve never seen this one before.\'94\
\'93There's a third sister?\'94 Roderick asked, incredulous. "Triplets?"\
Parson nodded. \'93Neither one of these bodies is Camille's,\'94 he said.\
There was a layer of menace in his voice, a soft threat that unsettled Roderick. He\'92d forgotten how dangerous Parson could be. He\'92d just killed two women in front of Roderick, and although Roderick would be hard pressed to say they didn\'92t deserve it, he still should have felt unsettled by what he\'92d just witnessed. Instead, he felt a delirious sense of calm that he knew was brought on by his proximity to Parson. Roderick found Parson\'92s mere presence intoxicating. Most people did. That was what made him so dangerous.\
There was a time when that very danger was what attracted Roderick to Parson. Now, after everything that had happened\'97the Resurrectionists wiping out London with the zombie virus, the death of R\'e9my Vaillancourt, Roderick\'92s execution of Anthony Tidkins\'97danger was the last thing in the world he wanted.\
\'93Camille is still out there,\'94 said Parson.\
\'93Do you think she\'92s here? In Paris?\'94 Roderick asked.\
\'93No,\'94 Parson replied. \'93I believe she\'92s in London.\'94\
\'93And you want me to come with you?\'94 Roderick asked, despite Antoine\'92s protestations.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Parson, holding Roderick\'92s gaze with his eyes. \'93Will you come with me?\'94\
Against his better judgment, Roderick found himself nodding.\
\'93Yes.\'94}