{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan clapped his arms around his friend\'92s shoulders. \'93It\'92s good to see you, Roderick,\'94 he said, laughing as Bailey jumped at his leg, attempting to get in on the hug.\
\'93And you, old chap!\'94 Roderick replied, giving Jonathan a kiss on each cheek. \'93French custom,\'94 he said, with a shrug, upon noticing Jonathan\'92s upraised eyebrows.\
The airship was moored at an airship yard, the first of its like in Paris. A vast expanse of green divided by a heavy wooden pier into thirty enormous lawns, the shipyard closely resembled an oceanside dockyard, though the ships here were secured to tall metal turrets to keep them secure. The 
\i Dreadful 
\i0 was only one of many docked here; airships had become increasingly common among the wealthy ever since news of London\'92s disaster spread to the rest of the world. Apocalypse preparation was the new vogue. The air smelled of iron and coal. The shipyard was busy with the crew and passengers of dozens of airships, each as big as the 
\i Dreadful
\i0 .\
Jonathan stooped down to scratch Bailey\'92s head, then stood to meet the mutual friend Roderick had mentioned in his letter.\
\'93Mr. Sinews,\'94 he said, shaking the man\'92s hand.\
\'93Always a pleasure, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 Sinews replied.\
After three years, Parson Sinews hadn\'92t aged a day, although his complexion was paler than usual, his eyes sunken in as if from lack of sleep. The last time Jonathan had seen him was in the basement of the 
\i Albion Theater
\i0 , where he\'92d been held captive by the Resurrectionists, before they relocated him to 
\i Chateau D\'92If.
\i0  He wondered if Sinews had been there this whole time. \'93It\'92s been a while.\'94\
Sinews nodded. \'93Too long, I think, for friends to be apart. Roderick assures me that you\'92ve been looking for me. For that, I owe you a debt of gratitude.\'94\
\'93I suppose you would,\'94 Jonathan replied, \'93if we had been successful. As it stands, you owe us nothing. Of course, I\'92m not the only one who\'92s been looking for you.\'94\
He gestured to Henri-Charles Ocelot, and Sinews\'92 smile broadened.\
\'93I cannot begin to tell you how glad I am to see you, Henri-Charles,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, his eyes crinkling as he smiled so sincerely that if Jonathan didn\'92t know better, he might have thought that Sinews was on the verge of tears. The smile suddenly melted into a tight-lipped sneer. \'93You cannot imagine the hell I\'92ve been through.\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 said Henri-Charles, his voice a low rumble like the thrum of distant thunder.\
Just as quickly as the emotional outburst overtook him, Mr. Sinews\'92 mask of charm and ease spread across his face once more. His customary smile returned to his lips. \'93It doesn\'92t matter,\'94 he said. \'93You\'92re here now, my old friend.\'94 He turned to Annabel, eyeing her mechanical hand with open curiosity. \'93My, my, such a reunion this is! It is wonderful to see so many familiar faces. How do you do, Miss Grey?\'94\
Annabel curtseyed. \'93Mr. Sinews,\'94 she said.\
He smiled, then stooped to kiss her hand. His gaze passed over the bespectacled Doctor Solomon Sound, then returned to his former valet. \'93If you\'92ll excuse me for a moment, Miss Grey, I\'92d like to have a word with Mr. Ocelot.\'94\
He bowed, and with a nod from Henri-Charles, the two of them disappeared into the crowd and became as shadows.\
\'93I still don\'92t trust that one,\'94 Jonathan muttered to Annabel.\
\'93Nor do I,\'94 she replied. \'93That said, I don\'92t generally trust anyone.\'94\
Jonathan nodded. More and more, he was beginning to feel the same way. He\'92d been betrayed once by someone close to him. Now he tended to think of people with skepticism and suspicion. He eyed Roderick\'92s new acquaintance.\
\'93Ah, forgive me!\'94 Roderick cried. \'93I would like you to meet S\'e9bastien Bilodeau, my assistant.\'94\
\'93
\i Enchant\'e9
\i0 ,\'94 said S\'e9bastien.\
\'93How do you do?\'94 Jonathan turned to the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 . \'93Gasbags have been refilled, and our supply of coal has been replenished. I expect that by now we\'92re nearly ready to depart. I\'92ll just nip over to the ship and have a word with Mr. Lockwood. And then, if all is well, we\'92re off.\'94}