{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \'93The Penny Dreadful\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 When Lord Connor\'92s masquerade ball ends in his death, an unlikely group of heroes find themselves drawn into a secret society whose mission\'97to protect London from the dangerously infectious victims of the Lazarus Virus\'97has been sanctioned by Queen Victoria herself. With the airship Penny Dreadful as their only weapon, they must find a way to stop the notorious Society of Immortals, a collective of likeminded scientists who seek to cure death itself and who are not beyond using Lazarus to achieve that goal.\
\
Annabel Grey, once a thief. A lady of dubious reputation, now a member of the motley airship crew. Competent, self-assured, and utterly deadly, there are just two things she fears: travel by airship and the living dead. So, in this new life of hers, pretty much everything.\
\
Jonathan Grimmer, journalist at his father\'92s company. Clever, reckless, and with a liquor induced devil-may-care attitude, he is on a warpath, determined to bring the Society of Immortals down.\
\
And then there\'92s Roderick Steen. A brilliant but eccentric detective who finds himself on the case of a lifetime. Who killed Lord Connor? And what did his death have to do with the Society of Immortals? And more importantly, who is the Society\'92s leader, the mysterious Dr. Allen?\
\
_______________________________________________________________\
\
}