{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Good afternoon,\'94 said Mr. O, still blushing.\
The cab driver tipped his hat and told Mr. O to hop in.\
Mr. O forced a smile and climbed in.\
The perfect cab driver, as far Mr. O was concerned, was one that did not look a gift horse in the mouth. Whatever was in Mr. O\'92s duffel bag, the cab driver did not need to know. Nor should he object about the muddied state of their clothes, or the fact that Miss Monday was wearing men\'92s trousers, or that Mr. O probably had lipstick smeared across his face. What should he care? The Agency always paid well, didn\'92t they?\
Still, Mr. O couldn\'92t help but feeling embarrassed at his breach of conduct. Apparently, Miss Monday felt similarly about the situation; she too was still blushing, bright red. She climbed into the cab and looked quite deliberately away from him.\
\'93Where to, Mr. Grimmer?\'94\
\'93To the Agency,\'94 he said.\
The light swish and crack of the driver\'92s whip was answered by the sound of the horse\'92s hooves upon the rain-slick cobblestone streets.\
For a while, they sat in silence, apparently unable to face each other.\
\'93Miss Monday,\'94 said Mr. O, still avoiding eye contact. \'93I\'92ve been meaning to ask, but I feared it would be impolite to inquire, but I feel as though the information may be quite pertinent to the situation. Might I ask\'85\'94\
She cut him off. \'93Yes,\'94 she said, \'93You may ask, but I\'92d rather not give my answer until we arrive back at the Agency, if that suits you.\'94\
Mr. O nodded. \'93Fair enough,\'94 he said, \'93I suppose that may be wise.\'94\
The driver led them at a quick pace through the familiar streets of London. Rain still continued to drizzle and leave streaks upon the cab\'92s windows. Miss Monday\'92s breath created fog upon the window as she looked at at the damp grey world outside the cab.\
\'93Who do you think she was?\'94 Miss Monday asked, gesturing subtly at the duffel bag.\
\'93I\'92m not sure,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93A Whitechapel girl, I suppose. Does it make you sad?\'94\
\'93It makes me introspective,\'94 said Miss Monday.\
She turned to the window again and blew hot air upon the glass. Condensation blurred the windows, which rattled to the rhythm of the cab. She reached out with gloved finger and painted a name in the condensation. Anne. Mr. O leaned over as if to see what she\'92d written, but she quickly wiped the name away.\
\'93What does the O really stand for?\'94 she wondered aloud.\
\'93It\'92s a nickname,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93A reference to the name by which I was called when I was a boy: O, as in Oldest. My mother, having been self-diagnosed with a medical condition that prevented her from learning anyone\'92s name, even that of her own children, found it easier to recall that I was her eldest child than the fact that I was called John Grimmer.\'94\
Miss Monday turned away from the window to look into his eyes. \'93Do you suppose she\'92ll have trouble with my name?\'94\
\'93As I said, it was a self-diagnosed condition,\'94 he replied, \'93Not in any way based on fact. In truth, I suspect she simply disliked me.\'94\
Miss Monday grinned. \'93I wonder why that might have been,\'94 she said.}