{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Miss Monday awoke after a relatively sleepless night in her apartment. She'd spent most of the night lying restlessly in bed, occasionally shifting slightly, fluffing her pillow, or scratching a persistent itch on the back of her neck. Eventually, accepting that she was not likely to catch more than a brief wink of sleep, she'd sat up, lit a candle, and flipped through the pages of an old book she'd read a few dozen times already.\

\i A Guide to the Manners, Etiquette, and Deportment of the Most Refined Society. 
\i0 Miss Monday was by no means an aristocrat. She had money, but wealth alone does not an aristocrat make.\
She\'92d only recently learned to read, for instance, having hired a tutor who had until her position working for Miss Monday been working with the children of lords and ladies and as a result, treated Miss Monday like a small child. Once she\'92d made sufficient progress that she could continue her studies on her own, she dismissed the tutor.\
Miss Monday was not an aristocrat. She could now read passably well, and she could speak convincingly enough, like a real lady, although when she drank she tended to slip back into the clumsy and uneducated speech of the common Londoner.\
She still used words that were unbecoming for a lady, which meant that when she was dressed up in all her finery, she was often mistaken for a prostitute; how else would such a poor and uneducated lady have the funds necessary to purchase such fine clothes? But better to be mistaken for a prostitute than recognised as a thief. She would always manage to turn the situtation to her favour. She was resourceful like that. But she could stand to improve her understanding of proper behaviour for a lady, in order to better fit in to aristocratic society.\
Her shelves were lined with guidebooks for young ladies which defined the proper etiquette for various social situations. Table manners, conversation, how to speak when in the company of gentlemen, and so on. She\'92d read them until the pages were frail and dog-eared.\
Suddenly, she'd snapped the pages shut, and blown out the candle, and settled back into her bed.\
It was Connor that had disturbed her sleep.\
It was his face she\'92d seen, leering at her with dead eyes, not Mr. O's. It was the memory of his cold hands that she had felt on the nape of her neck. It was the stench of his breath. It was the sound of his breath through his decayed lungs.\
That was what had kept her awake that night.\
She heard a knock on her door first thing in the morning and felt a knot tighten in her stomach. Hastily, she dressed herself, ran a comb through her knotted hair, and pulled on a pair of silk gloves.\
Another knock resounded from the door. As she turned to open the door of her bedroom, she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror that managed to shock her. She gasped. How could she have forgotten?\
On her nightstand, she retrieved a contraption of brass with leather straps. Facing herself in the mirror, she thrust one of the brass parts into the socket of her eye. There was a clicking sound as the contraption latched itself into a matching piece that had been surgically implanted in her eye. The knock on the door came again, as she quickly put the straps in place.\
She hurried to the door, and undid the latch. Somehow, she half expected to see Lord Connor's face, grinning at her, when she opened the door.\
She did not expect to see Mr. O. Somehow, she managed to keep the surprise out of her face as she looked up at him.\
To his credit, he also managed to remain composed as he looked at her without allowing his eyes to wander to the strange ocular device she used instead of a right eye.\
Ever the paragon of politeness, "Please forgive me for calling without prior invitation, especially at such an early hour," he said, "But I am led to believe that this is the current address of a gentleman who I had the great pleasure of meeting last night at the Connor Manor."\
Miss Monday was not entirely sure how to proceed. Could she yet hope to rid herself of this gentleman, persistant though he was, by convincing him that he was at the wrong address?\
"I'm looking for Mr. Monday," he explained.\
"I'm sorry, sir," she said.\
"Monday is likely a pseudonym," he interrupted, "You may know him by another name, although I have been unable to ascertain his true identity."\
He produced a sketch from the pocket of his coat, and having shown it to her, awaited her reply.\
"This is a man in a mask," she said.\
"Yes," Mr. O agreed.\
"How can I possibly recognize a picture of a man in a mask?"\
\'93Well,\'94 he said. \'93It has the most unusual feature. See here, the right eye? Most unusual indeed.\'94\
Miss Monday grimaced.\
\'93At first I thought it was part of the mask. It was only later, when the gentleman tried on a different mask,\'94 he continued, pausing to produce the stag\'92s head mask. \'93That it occurred to me. It wasn\'92t part of the mask at all; it was a prosthetic eye. Do you, by any chance, know of any gentleman at this address, with a prosthetic eye?\'94\
She rolled her eyes. There was a whir of gears from her right, as the ocular device rotated.\
"You knew," she said, more annoyed than angry. "You knew all along."\
"Knew what?" he said, his face the picture of ironic ignorance. He could hardly help grinning at her.\
"How did you find me?" she demanded.\
"I have my ways," he said, which was not much of an explanation.\
She pushed the door open wider, and gestured for him to come inside. He hesitated as if to say, 'are you sure?' She tapped her foot impatiently.\
"How do you take your tea," she said through gritted teeth, "Mr. O?"\
She said the name as if it were an insult.\
"Ah," he said, "Such a gracious host. Lemon, if you have it. Cream, if you don\'92t.\'94\
He took a seat on her chaise longue, without waiting to be invited to do so. Since he was obviously fully capable of politeness when he was so inclined, the slight was obviously deliberate. Well, if he was trying to rile her up, she decided, she could play that game as well.\
She set about heating the tea and slicing the lemons, while her unexpected guest seemed content to examine her modest apartment from the comfort of the chaise longue.\
As Miss Monday had been involved in numerous heists, claiming supposedly priceless artwork and artefacts from museums, and selling them to the highest bidder, she could have been living in a much less modest apartment, in a much less bourgeois neighbourhood. She could have been living in a mansion, really.\
And yet, she did not wish the unwanted attention that might be drawn by living within her not inconsiderable means. She did not want anyone starting to wonder about the source of her income, especially not the police. So most of her money, she gave away, anonymously, to the poor. In a way, it was almost poetic. She\'92d grown up poor, and now she was giving back to them.\
She casually wondered if this was the reason her unwanted guest had tracked her down, to extort money from her. She considered putting something a bit stronger than lemon in the tea, but she thought it might be worth hearing him out first. Still, she found his presence irksome, so she squeezed considerably more lemon into his tea than could possibly be considered pleasant.\
She returned from the kitchen with a cup of tea for him, and a cup for herself. She took a seat next to him and settled in to the chair.\
\'93So, what did you do with the body?\'94 she asked, and took a sip of tea. \'93Did you use the airship after all?\'94\
\'93No,\'94 he said, shrugging. \'93I left him at the house. Stuck him in a closet. They\'92ll find him eventually, but it\'92s not as if anyone will suspect our involvement in his death.\'94\
She smiled pleasantly as his face puckered when he sipped his own.\
"How's the tea?" she asked innocently.\
"It's fine," he managed to say.}