{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Miss Monday did not wait long after Mr. O\'92s departure before taking her own leave of her apartment. Adding the stolen contents of Lord Connor\'92s safe to her picnic basket, she grabbed an umbrella from a rack, and headed out the door.\
She closed the door, secured it with a key that hung from her neck like a pendant, and headed down the hall toward the exit of her building.\
\'93Miss Gray,\'94 said a pleasant and familiar voice.\
\'93Miss Thompson,\'94 Miss Monday replied, as Gray was the name she used when she wasn\'92t playing her part in the criminal underground. She smiled as she spun about to greet her neighbour. \'93How do you do?\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360
\cf0 \'93I noticed you had a gentleman visitor this afternoon,\'94 said Miss Thompson, a delicate young lady some five years Miss Monday\'92s junior, who lived alone in the suite opposite Miss Monday\'92s own.\'a0 Pretty, petite, and auburn-haired, Miss Thompson had an envy-inspiring beauty, which she displayed with controversially high skirts and low-cut shirts. Her lips were painted bright red and her eyes were cosmetically darkened.\
\'93Would it be incredibly impolite of me to ask who he was?\'94 said Miss Thompson.\
Miss Monday\'92s smile disappeared.\
\'93Mr. O,\'94 she said, in a voice that brooked no argument about the quality of his character.\
\'93Oh,\'94 said her neighbour, \'93Oh, I\'92m sorry.\'a0 I didn\'92t mean to go poking my nose in your business.\'a0 It\'92s just that he was so handsome, and ever so courteous, I couldn\'92t help my curiosity over this distinguished visitor of yours.\'94\
\'93You spoke with him?\'94\
\'93Only briefly,\'94 said Miss Thompson, looking apologetic, \'93As we had bumped into one another in the hallway.\'a0 He told me that he works for a printing company that publishes penny dreadfuls.\'94\
Miss Monday snorted at that.\
\'93Such a douche,\'94 she said, disdainfully, summoning the word from the aether.\'a0 For all of Miss Monday\'92s wealth, and for all her intellect, she still possessed a vocabulary that showed just a glimpse of her lower class upbringing; not that she\'92d heard that word growing up, at least not as a slang. It just seemed to have the right sort of vulgarity to suit how she felt about Mr. O just then.\
Rather than raise an eyebrow at Miss Monday\'92s curious word choice, Miss Thompson gasped, instantly grasping the word\'92s vulgarity and sensing that it was meant pejoratively.\
\'93No,\'94 she said gently, \'93He can\'92t possibly be so bad as that.\'94\
\'93He is,\'94 protested Miss Monday, \'93He is a paragon of all things douchey.\'94\
\'93Come now,\'94 said Miss Thompson, \'93He seemed a perfect gentleman.\'94\
\'93If you were to put him in a room with an actual douche,\'94 she stubbornly continued, \'93I would be powerless to tell the two apart, such is the extent of his douchiness."\
Miss Thompson put a hand on her friend\'92s arm, suddenly concerned.\'a0 \'93Was his behaviour...less than gentlemanly?" she said delicately\
Miss Monday sighed.\'a0 \'93He offered me a job,\'94 she said at last.\
\'93What a douche!\'94 exclaimed Miss Thompson, with mock indignance.\
Miss Monday laughed. \'93I\'92m sure you\'92re right, as always. I\'92m likely judging him more harshly than he deserves. But still. I find that somehow he rather manages to get under my skin.\'94\
\'93Hm,\'94 said Miss Thompson.\
\'93Hm what?\'94\
\'93Irritation is often a symptom of affection,\'94 said Miss Thompson. \'93Perhaps he irritates you simply because you-\'94\
\'93No,\'94 said Miss Monday, cutting her off. \'93Don\'92t say it. Anyway, he\'92s not my type. Not,\'94 she was quick to point out, \'93That I\'92ve been with many men.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'93Who am I to judge?\'94 said her neighbour, with a wink, which led further credence to Miss Monday\'92s theory about what her neighbour did for a living. \'93Anyway, what 
\i is
\i0  your type?\'94\
Miss Monday nearly shrugged, though she caught herself in the gesture, and she quickly put a stop to that. \'93I like my men how I like my books. Witty, adventurous, and with a hint of mystery,\'94 she said.\
Miss Thompson laughed. \'93I hate to say it, but that sounds like Mister O to a tee,\'94 she said.\
Miss Monday winced.\
\'93Where did you meet him anyway?\'94\
Miss Monday told her about Lord Connor\'92s party, sparing of course some of the more gruesome details. She did admit though, that she\'92d gained admittance to the ball without an invitation, which earned Miss Thompson's admiration and jealousy.\
Her friend had read about the ball in the morning paper, and had learned about the mysterious death of Lord Connor. Apparently, a mysterious masked gentleman had been seen leaving Lord Connor\'92s study. Miss Monday feigned ignorance as Miss Thompson revealed these details to her with excitement.\
\'93Did you see this mysterious masked man?\'94 she asked.\
\'93Well, it was a masquerade, and I was not invited,\'94 said Miss Monday, \'93Every gentleman present was a mysterious masked man to me.\'94\
\'93Do you think it possible,\'94 said Miss Thompson, \'93That you could have crossed paths with this murderer, without even knowing?\'94\
\'93Oh, I don\'92t know,\'94 she replied, \'93I doubt it. I didn\'92t stay long, I was so nervous about being caught trespassing at Lord Connor\'92s manor.\'94\
\'93Oh,\'94 said Miss Thompson, disappointment creeping into her voice.\
Miss Monday made her excuses and bid good day to her neighbour. Then she made her way outside with the parcel tucked into her picnic basket.}