{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The weather was cold, as it often was in London, but at least it was not raining. The day was overcast and gloomy, but Miss Monday had dressed sensibly, with a riding jacket and scarf. She carried an umbrella, just in case the weather were to change without warning. She\'92d worn a pair of her finest and warmest gloves, and a skirt that could be worn among London\'92s elite but which would also keep her warm.\
She hailed a cab, as she kept no horse and carriage of her own, and did not employ her own driver. On the busy streets of London, it was not difficult to find an available cab, so Miss Monday climbed into the first available hansom cab that stopped for her.\
She gave the directions to her driver, who gave her a curt nod. He urged the horse onward with a crack of the whip, and they were on their way. The horse\'92s gait was quick and musical as it clopped along the cobblestone. The little carriage rattled as it rolled along the street toward Hyde Park.\
Perhaps her paranoia was born out of habit, a result of her unusual career choice, or perhaps it was not paranoia but suspicion. In either case, she began to suspect that she was being followed, as they made their way.\
\'93Can we go any faster?\'94 she asked the driver.\
He responded with another crack of the whip, which spurred the horse on to a quicker pace. She watched as the driver of the carriage in suspicion cracked his own whip and urged his own horse to pick up speed.\
\'93Right,\'94 she said, \'93Turn right here.\'94\
\'93But Miss,\'94 said the driver.\
\'93Hard right,\'94 she insisted, though Hyde Park was in the opposite direction.\
The driver shrugged and made the turn. They tore around the corner, taking the turn roughly. The cab bounced hard on the pavement. It rattled and lurched as they sped around the curve, but the driver managed to keep the vehicle upright. Miss Monday tossed him an extra coin for his troubles, and he responded by urging the horse to even greater speed.\
\'93Left here,\'94 she said. She craned her neck around to watch as the other carriage pursued them still, similarly taking the corner with reckless abandon.\
There was no longer any doubt that she was being followed.\
They took the next corner with even greater speed than the first, so that they nearly collided with the cab in front of them. The driver\'92s expert reaction was to steer around the other vehicle, taking the wrong side of the street in order to pass it.\
Miss Monday figured that if she kept feeding coins to her driver, he might not mind keeping this reckless pace, so she tossed him another and directed him to hang a left.\
He did as she commanded, but the coach responded in kind, matching their every move. She couldn\'92t guess who it was that was following her, but whoever it was, they were persistent.\
Miss Monday had no shortage of enemies. In her line of work, enemies were unavoidable. Nonetheless, her intuition told her this had something to do with Lord Connor and his unnatural resurrection. \
She patted her side and took comfort in the slight revolver-shaped bulge that she felt there. She considered for a moment simply allowing the other vehicle to catch up. She could then discover the vehicle\'92s occupant, then blast him to bits with her revolver. But she decided against it. Her pursuer would surely be armed. Not a good idea to risk him catching up.\
The other vehicle, a large four-wheeled coach, pulled by two horses, was not light or quick enough to match speed with the lighter, more nimble hansom with its coin-inspired driver. They should be able to lose their pursuers if the horse could keep up its speed.\
Besides, it was too early in the morning for a gunfight.\
\'93Take the next right,\'94 she instructed.\
They took the corner at breakneck speed. The cab threatened to roll over. Miss Monday braced herself for a fall. She heard the thunder of galloping hooves, and felt the carriage roll up onto one wheel.\
\'93Hold on, miss,\'94 said the driver.\
At last, the driver managed to get the cabriolet back under control. Its second wheel touched back down again, and they were off.\
\'93Keep going,\'94 she urged, though her heart was thundering just as quick as the mare in front of them.\
She turned around in her seat, but she could hardly see a thing from where she sat. So she leaned her head out the window. She looked back and saw the carriage, still following them. It was faster than she\'92d expected it to be. She cursed, and pulled her head back inside.\
\'93We\'92ve got to lose that carriage,\'94 she said to the driver. She stuck another coin through the window for him. The driver looked behind and saw the vehicle in question.\
\'93I\'92ll see what I can do,\'94 he said.\
}