{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Leaving the hansom cab behind, Miss Monday traversed the short length of the walkway toward the stables, occasionally glancing behind her as she did so. It can hardly be called paranoia if they really are following you, she thought.\
And so they were.\
The first few times she checked over her shoulder for her pursuer, she saw no one behind her. But when she looked again, she saw the four-wheeled coach parked where her own hansom cab had been a moment ago.\
The driver she could see still sitting at the head of the carriage, but the passenger was nowhere to be seen.\
She glanced around for him. If he was not in the carriage, he must this very moment be making his way toward her. She thought back to her earlier conversation with Mr. O. He\'92d warned her that her life was in danger.\
Quickly, she hurried to hide herself among a copse of tall oaks, which stood adjacent to the stables. It was dark and quiet beneath the thick canopy of the trees, and the grass was overgrown. It felt more like a forest than a grove. She pressed her back against the back of a tall tree, feeling slightly chilled by the shade and the breeze. She held her breath and listened attentively for any sign of her pursuer.\
Hearing nothing but the usual sounds of the park\'97the song of the birds, the occasional rustle of a squirrel moving through the branches of a tree, the unintelligible voices of distant conversations shared between the park\'92s many visitors, the whinnies of horses in the stable\'97she let out her breath.\
Just as she was about to move from her hiding place, she heard the crunch of leaves nearby. A single footstep that betrayed the man\'92s location.\
She waited, counting out the few footsteps that followed the first one. Finally, when he was undoubtedly within striking distance, she came out quite literally swinging. She brandished her umbrella as a weapon, hoping to catch the man off guard.\
But when she suddenly emerged from behind the oak, her umbrella swinging in a quick, deft motion aimed at her assailant\'92s head, he was not there.\
There was little time to contemplate the mystery of his sudden disappearance.\
Suddenly, the crack of a twig from behind startled her. She swung around and found herself face to face with a man nearly twice her size. Not terribly muscular or athletic, he was nonetheless gigantic, his face scarred, rough, and covered in a thick layer of stubble. Clearly, this was not a man Miss Monday wished to come to blows with.\
She half expected to look into his eyes and see the grey and lifeless eyes of Lord Connor, but this was a living man, monstrous only in size and appearance.\
As she sized him up, she took a moment to note her proximity to the stable. If she could simply outrun him, she could reach the relative safety of the public space, counting on him not to be so brazen as to attack her in such a public place.\
To give herself a headstart, she thrust the tip of the umbrella, as hard as she could manage, straight into his foot. He grunted in surprise, but she did not let up.\
She deftly brought the umbrella up toward his chin, striking with the umbrella\'92s wooden handle. He let out a groan of pain, and she took off running.\
She felt one of his hands grasping at her shoulder, but she shrugged him off and fled past him. Barely even looking where she was going, she ran, navigating between the pairs of trees that blocked her way.\
She spared a quick glance behind her, and saw that the gargantuan thug was still right behind her. She pushed past another enormous oak, and ran straight into the grasping arms of his accomplice.\
The second man grabbed her with a viselike grip, and Miss Monday gasped in surprise. This second man must have been the giant\'92s accomplice, the relatively smaller, agile gentleman who\'92d disappeared in a flash when she\'92d been about to surprise him with an umbrella to the face. She squirmed, but his grasp was tight.}