{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel let out a cry of alarm. Annabel wasn't the screaming type, but she was on the verge. Her eyes were wide. Her heart was hammering, and she suddenly found that it was a struggle just to suck in a breath of air. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://13D67922-BB18-4483-BD4A-DAEA59942B9E"}}{\fldrslt Of course, it couldn\'92t have helped much that her breasts were bound in cloth as part of her disguise; she was wrapped up tighter than a pharaoh in his tomb, and every breath was painful.}}\
She reminded herself that she\'92d been in spots tighter than this. She told herself to remain calm, but the darkness was oppressive. She kept flashing back to the day she\'92d lost her eye. She could almost feel Connor's rough fingernails raking across her face, digging into her flesh, gouging out her eye. 
\i Silly woman
\i0 , she scolded herself. She gritted her teeth. She\'92d survived that day. She would survive this one too.\
She took a deep breath, reached up, and adjusted a dial on her eyepiece. The world through her right eye took on a greenish hue, but she could see again. Not well, but well enough to see Connor. He was right on top of her, inches from her face. She gasped in surprise. He was closer than she'd realized.\
She\'92d lost her gun, but she had another one. Trouble was, it wasn\'92t easily accessible, and she wasn\'92t sure she\'92d be able to fish it out before Connor could sink his teeth into her flesh, which is what he seemed to be trying to do. She needed to get out of his grasp, just long enough to get it.\
Forcing herself to remain calm, she dug her heels into the carpet for leverage and shoved hard, sliding on her back across the floor. She reached out, above her head, and grasped for something to hit him with. Eventually, her hands collided with something thick, solid, and\'85wooden. It was one of the legs of the desk. It wasn\'92t a weapon, but, at least, it was something. She held tight and used it to leverage herself toward the desk, kicking at Connor\'92s face as she scrambled to get away.\
She was relentless, and eventually, one of her kicks struck him hard enough to do some damage. Connor's head snapped back violently, and he toppled backward. But before she had gained any ground, he seized hold of her leg and began crawling back towards her face once more.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://261F86E9-A3F1-4317-A1BF-184C8B40400C"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 She pulled hard on the leg of the desk, trying to drag herself further back, but this time, she only succeeded in moving the desk.}} She growled in frustration and tried to pull herself out from under him. It was futile. She could barely even move with him on top of her.\
What she needed, she considered, was a weapon. Something, anything to hit him with, just to get him off of her long enough to retrieve her gun. She looked around for something within reach.\
There. She could see the slightest hint of light beneath the desk. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://946B6A14-42D2-4B2A-8DD6-026888B80B7B"}}{\fldrslt A glint of silver. It was her revolver.}} She could have cried with relief. Urgently, she reached out, stretching her fingers in a desperate plea to grab the gun.\
She could 
\i almost 
\i0 touch it. Almost, but not quite. She tried to stretch out further, grasping desperately as she pressed her face against the side of the desk just to get a bit closer. She reached her arm out until she was sure that she would tear it from its socket before she managed to grab hold of the revolver. She felt her fingers just brushing up against the handle of the gun. 
\i Almost, almost\'85
\i0 she thought. And then she slipped, and the gun slid even further out of reach.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 No, 
\i0 she nearly cried aloud, as if she could somehow will the gun back to her. For the first time, she realized she might actually die here. She might die with the gun just out of her reach, another one nestled in its holster, inaccessible with the deranged, sickened Connor atop her.\
Connor growled, his voice barely recognizable as human, and she felt certain that he would eat her alive if he could.\
"This is not how I die," she grunted. It was all she could do to remind herself that she would get through this. She was a survivor. She\'92d grown up on the fierce streets of London, a dirty, scrawny orphan with nothing to her name but the will to live. She would not die like this.\
She squirmed. Finally, she managed to get a leg free. She kicked him hard in the face. She was rewarded with the brutal sound of Connor\'92s nose shattering. The air filled with the tangy, metallic scent of blood. She kicked him again, dislodging a few yellowing teeth. Still, his grip would not relent.\
She thrashed, urgently trying to shake him from her. Her heart beat so hard within her chest it was painful, especially with her chest bound so tightly. Her breath came out in short, quick gasps. Somehow, she managed to maintain some semblance of calm, or, at least, the will to survive.\
She gritted her teeth. The only thing for it was to shoot the bastard, but the gun was beyond her grasp. She still had her second gun, though, a pocket-sized Derringer. Not exactly her style, but she couldn\'92t be too choosy. If she could just get at it, it would do the trick.\
Even as Connor tried to tear her face off with his teeth, Annabel reached into her belt, fending him off with her other hand. Finally, she managed to find the pistol. \
Connor\'92s jaws gnashed. She drew the weapon and aimed it at him. He seemed not to notice. He snapped at her fingers, dripping spit onto her chest.\
She cringed.\
But she felt more like herself again with the gun in hand. Almost calmly, she stuck the pistol straight into his mouth. She angled it upward, just slightly, so that it was aimed directly at his brain. Then she waited. One second. Two seconds. As patiently as she could.\
Against all common sense, despite the gun in his mouth, Connor was still trying to reach her, his putrid breath making Annabel gag. His hands groped the side of her face, and she twisted her neck to avoid being scratched by his yellowing fingernails.\
She felt his cold, dry hands against her skin, but she willed herself to wait, just a moment longer. The music was beginning to wind down. The song was in its last few measures.\
Finally, the moment arrived. The waltz had finished. A chorus of applause broke out. She hoped it would be enough to drown out the gunshot. She shut her eye, turned her head away, and pulled the trigger.\
The bullet whipped through Connor\'92s skull, taking huge chunks of brain matter with it. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://08677242-87FC-4AA2-ABF6-CFD0883F956E"}}{\fldrslt Cold, thick blood exploded}}. It spattered across her face and chest.\
A chorus of applause broke out, and Annabel had the momentary sensation that it was her work that was being appreciated.\
Connor\'92s body went limp and landed, hard, against Annabel\'92s chest. She grimaced with distaste, but she was relieved it was over. She took a moment to try to wipe the blood from her face.\
The applause began to subside and eventually gave way to silence. In the quiet moments that followed the gunshot, she heard the click of a latch and the creak of hinges. Someone had opened the door.}