{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 When he finally released her from his iron grasp, she took the opportunity to try again with the umbrella, swinging it with all the violence of a cornered animal.\
But to her dismay, he quickly brought his cane up to defend himself with the deft movements of a man trained in cannes de combat or bartitsu.\
Whichever his martial art of choice, Miss Monday forced herself to be relentless. If she could shatter this first man\'92s skull with her umbrella, she might have a chance to fish her revolver out of her vest in order to escape the other man. She lashed out again with her umbrella, aiming this time for the man\'92s gut. He parried her thrust, but only just.\
Moving in, she swung again, striking at his feet. Quickly, he shifted his feet, avoiding her blow, but he stumbled over a fallen branch that lay upon the ground. She seized the opportunity, kicking at him with a hard-soled boot that caught him in the gut.\
He keeled over, his top hat slipped from his head, so she grasped her umbrella with both hands and struck him with full force on the cranium.\
He crumpled hard to the ground.\
She was about to strike him again, triumphant though she was. She didn\'92t wish to give him the opportunity to recover himself and gain the advantage, especially given that she expected his accomplice to come to his aid momentarily. But he rolled onto his back, raising his hands to defend himself, and cried out in protest.\
\'93Stop! Stop!\'94 he cried. His voice was familiar.\
His face too, she recognised, now that she had the opportunity to look at it.\
\'93Mister O?\'94 she said, startled.\
She whirled around, casting about for the other man who\'92d been chasing her. Apparently, the thug had vanished during her fight with Mr. O.\
\'93Good afternoon, Miss Monday,\'94 he said, clutching his wounded head and groaning.\
She let out a growl of frustration. Then she sighed, as she realised she\'92d better help him up. She extended a hand to him, which he declined.\
\'93I\'92m fine,\'94 he insisted, slowly getting back on his feet. \'93I\'92m not bleeding, am I?\'94\
\'93I\'92m afraid you are,\'94 she said, looking with only mild embarrassment at the bloody gash on the crown of his head. She ought to apoligise. But then again, he was the one who\'92d been stalking her all afternoon, wasn\'92t he? And he must have hired that thug who\'92d nearly frightened her to death.\
What was he expecting to happen when he was stalking a woman he knew to be dangerous? Truly, he only had himself to blame.\
\'93What is the meaning of this?\'94 she demanded.\
\'93I\'92ve been hoping to speak with you,\'94 he said, rubbing the wound on his head and complaining like a child with a bruise. \'93You know, that really hurts,\'94 he said.\
\'93Serves you right,\'94 said Miss Monday.\
\'93Hmph,\'94 said Mr. O, by way of reply.\
\'93Well, I\'92ve had quite enough of your behaviour,\'94 she said, talking to him as if she were scolding a small child, \'93It\'92s gone on long enough.\'94\
\'93Whatever are you talking about?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Pursuing me all morning across the streets of London? Hiring thugs to capture me?\'94 she said, withdrawing her pistol and aiming it at him. \'93What is it that you want from me? Spit it out, then kindly get back into your carriage and leave me to my business.\'94\
Mr. O shook his head. \'93You are quite mistaken, Miss Monday,\'94 he said, \'93You see, I travelled here by airship.\'94\
He gestured above their heads, and Miss Monday spared a glance at the sky. There was the same airship he\'92d shown her at Lord Connor\'92s, floating above their heads.\
Miss Monday looked at the airship, then back at Mr. O again. \'93You mean\'85\'94 she said, frowning severely, \'93You mean to say that you were not stalking me this morning?\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry to disappoint you,\'94 he said, tipping his hat in an ironically gentlemanly gesture.\
Miss Monday lowered her weapon. \'93What game are you playing, sir? If you haven\'92t been following me, then who has been? That enormous thug who was chasing me? If not one of your thugs, then who was he?\'94\
\'93I did warn you that your life was in danger,\'94 he replied with one of his customary shrugs that had come to aggravate Miss Monday to the utmost degree.\
\'93And if you did not follow me here,\'94 she said, \'93Am I expected to believe that it is coincidence that led us both to Hyde Park Stables this morning?\'94\
\'93You\'92d have to be a fool to believe 
\i that
\i0 ,\'94 he said. \'93No, I found you here because, as I said when we first met, my business is information. I expected you would come here, and I was right. This is where you meet your clients, is it not?\'94\
She narrowed her eye at him and looked straight into his face as if to deduce whether or not he was telling the truth.\
\'93Well,\'94 she said after a long, drawn-out sigh that seemed to indicate her willingness to hear him out in spite of her better judgment, \'93Now that you\'92ve found me, what is it that you wanted to tell me?\'94}