{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Having finally surrendered to the notion that she was not likely to shake Mr. O without first hearing him out, as well as to the somewhat more unsettling fact that her life was in danger and that therefore she was likely safer in his presence than on her own, Miss Monday had chosen a bench in the shade, which overlooked the Serpentine.\
Her umbrella, somewhat dented by her recent altercation, was unfurled in order to act as a parasol; though it was not pretty and delicate as a parasol ought to be, Miss Monday did not want to take any risks. Her complexion was fair, and she was liable to burn even in the shade. The gloomy weather had cleared somewhat, allowing an unexpected glimpse of the sun, which crept through the trees and cast shadows about the park. Shadows which continued to catch Miss Monday\'92s eye and which caused her to constantly check to see that she and Mr. O were still alone.\
\'93Tea?\'94 she offered, opening up her picnic basket and withdrawing a canteen as well as two small teacups, luckily unbroken during her fight.\
\'93Seriously?\'94 said her companion.\
\'93I never go anywhere unprepared,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93And besides, it\'92s a beautiful day for a picnic, is it not?\'94\
She filled a cup for herself, and after a nod from Mr. O, filled the other one as well.\
\'93No lemon in mine, thank you,\'94 he said.\
Miss Monday laughed, remembering the last time they\'92d taken tea together.\
\'93Now, what was so important that caused you to fly all the way over here to meet me?\'94 she demanded, once she\'92d confirmed that they were alone.\
\'93The package you took from Lord Connor\'92s safe,\'94 he said, looking at her in a way that was surprisingly gentle. \'93Do you know what it is?\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head. \'93Of course I don\'92t,\'94 she said with mild annoyance. \'93I don\'92t concern myself with those kind of details.\'94\
\'93But aren\'92t you curious?\'94 he asked, leaning just a bit closer to her. She shifted in her seat, moving away from him, and he apologised. \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he said. \'93I don\'92t mean to pry into your business.\'94\
She raised an eyebrow.\
\'93Well, alright,\'94 he conceded, \'93I do mean to pry. But only in the interest of public safety.\'94\
\'93You keep saying that,\'94 she said.\
She blew on her tea to help it cool, and took a sip.\
\'93Well, it\'92s true,\'94 he said. \'93How much do you know about the men who hired you? Lord Connor was a good man, and you were willing to kill him, based on their word.\'94\
She snorted. \'93A good man? I thought your business was information, Mr. O,\'94 she said. \'93I vetted him. I spent every night this week following him as he slinked out of his house in disguise. I pursued him as he patrolled the streets of Whitechapel until he managed to find a victim who suited him.\'94\
Mr. O took a sip of his tea. He winced. \'93Hot,\'94 he remarked. He set the cup down on the bench. \'93Monsters,\'94 he said. \'93Lord Connor was hunting monsters.\'94\
\'93He worked with you, you mean?\'94 she asked.\
Mr. O nodded. \'93So. How much do you know about your clients?\'94\
\'93Not much at all,\'94 she admitted. \'93My clients like their anonymity, as you can imagine. That\'92s part of what makes me so popular. I don\'92t ask too many questions. I never meet them face to face. We have a system, which we use to pass messages back and forth. The man I\'92ve been dealing with is called Francis Langtry. A pseudonym, of course.\'94\
\'93Langtry?\'94 he repeated.\
\'93Is the name familiar to you?\'94\
He shrugged. \'93Only in regard to the actress, Miss Lillie Langtry,\'94 he said. \'93But the name Francis is common enough. For example\'85\'94 He paused mid-sentence, to laugh at himself. He shook his head. \'93Is that not the first name of Varney?\'94\
She was familiar with that name, of course. Who wasn\'92t, really? Like Sweeney Todd and Spring-Heeled Anthony, Varney the Vampire had charmed his way into the imagination of Londoners with his diabolical misdeeds. Yes, she thought, it was Francis Varney. But that had nothing to do with Langtry.\
She suppressed a sigh. \'93Do you know what\'92s in the package?\'94 she asked, trying to keep him on track.\
\'93I have an inkling,\'94 he admitted.\
\'93But you\'92re not sure?\'94 she asked.\
\'93No,\'94 he said, \'93But if my suspicion is correct\'85\'94\
\'93What?\'94 she said, leaning in closer to him now.\
\'93Never mind,\'94 he said, \'93We won\'92t know until you open it.\'94\
She reached into her basket, and finding the parcel, drew it out. She gazed at it with mounting curiosity. She had very little reason to trust Mr. O, but his point was no less valid simply because she didn\'92t trust him. And he\'92d been the one to provide her with the combination to the safe in the first place.\
The truth was that she had just as little reason to trust her employers. They\'92d convinced her of Lord Connor\'92s vileness. They\'92d told her to follow him to Whitechapel, knowing she\'92d catch him bludgeoning men and women to death in dark alleyways. And knowing what conclusion she would make upon witnessing these acts. But if what Mr. O said was true, that Connor had been hunting monsters, the question was, had her clients been ignorant as she had? Or had they set her up?\
If that were true, she had every reason to open the package and find out exactly what it was that she was delivering. Still, she hesitated.\
\'93I\'92m sorry, Mr. O,\'94 she said, \'93I can\'92t.\'94\
\'93I understand,\'94 he said, \'93Although I wish you would reconsider.\'94\
She shook her head. \'93As a matter of professional pride, I would never violate the privacy of my clients. Not without knowing\'85\'94\
Mr. O nodded. He sat quietly beside her, his eyes fixed on the gently lapping waters of the Serpentine before them. A mother duck and her ducklings paddled along the shore of the murky waters. His eyes followed them, though his thoughts seemed elsewhere.\
\'93You\'92re a thief with principles,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93How quaint.\'94\
Miss Monday bristled in annoyance. \'93A thief can\'92t have principles?\'94\
\'93I just wish you\'92d keep your story straight,\'94 he said with a shrug. \'93Yesterday, you balked when I suggested your past might weigh heavily on your conscience. Today, you\'92re a thief with scruples.\'94\
\'93Let me be clear, then,\'94 said Miss Monday. She looked him straight in the eyes. \'93I do bad things, Mr. O. I do bad things, and I laugh at all the money I\'92m making. I laugh because I used to be a scared little orphan girl, stealing just to stay alive, and now I steal because it\'92s fun. But for all that, I\'92m not stealing from the working class. I\'92m not running amok, killing innocents willy-nilly. I\'92ve killed, yes. And I\'92ve stolen\'97oh, the things I\'92ve stolen, you\'92d hardly believe it if I told you. But if you\'92re looking to lay a guilt trip on somebody, you\'92ll have to look elsewhere.\'94\
\'93Very well,\'94 he said with a shrug.\
Miss Monday folded her arms, hardly disguising her annoyance at the casual way in which he\'92d managed to dismiss everything she\'92d just said.\
Mr. O took a sip of tea. A gentle breeze stirred the willows around them. Cherry blossoms floated on the wind, becoming entrapped in the weeping willows, like moths caught in a spider\'92s web.\
\'93I\'92m taking a substantial risk in telling you this,\'94 said Mr. O, breaking the idyllic calm. \'93But I\'92ve already said more to you of the nature of my business than I would tell just anyone. Ordinarily, I believe it is my task to keep secrets, rather than to reveal them. But in this instance, I believe my secrets will do more damage if I keep them than reveal them to you.\'94\
Miss Monday found her curiosity deepening in spite of herself. \'93And what secrets do you have to reveal to me, Mr. O?\'94 she asked him.}