{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 While Mr. O had arrived by way of airship, he had taken a bicycle with him, and had ridden that through the park after disembarking. Being averse to air travel, Miss Monday agreed to accompany him on foot, while he rolled the bicycle alongside as he walked. As absurd a device as it seemed, Miss Monday had to admit that the bicycle did have some advantages in its favour; for one, it wasn\'92t likely to defecate upon the street, like a horse. No need to feed it either. No worry about it getting sick, or tired. It would never be spooked and buck its passenger from its back.\
Still, Miss Monday had heard that its seats were rigid and uncomfortable and that riding upon it was about as pleasant as lying on a bed of nails. She\'92d heard the term bone-shaker being bandied about, referring to the unpleasantness of riding the contraption. Of course, she\'92d never ridden one herself, so she would have to reserve her judgment until then. At least it must be better than riding in an airship, she thought.\
Of course, the novelty of Mr. O\'92s shiny, brightly painted bicycle was only enough to distract Miss Monday for so long. Soon enough, her thoughts returned to Mr. O\'92s claim that her life was being threatened by a secret society that was targeting those with some connection to the unliving.\
\'93Why me?\'94 she said aloud.\
\'93As I said before, I was impressed by your resourcefulness and your cleverness, and of course by your rather unusual resume. To be honest, I\'92d had my eyes on you even before our chance encounter at Lord Connor\'92s manor. And of course, I could not ignore the fact that you have been targeted by the Society.\'94\
She blinked at this, startled by the revelation that she\'92d been under his watchful eye for longer than she\'92d realised. His network of information must have gone well beyond what she\'92d initially imagined; she ought to have been a phantom, a wisp drifting in the corner of one\'92s eye, a shadow moving unnoticed through the criminal underground, elusive and untraceable as the wind. To most, that\'92s what she was.\
Still, \'93That\'92s not what I meant,\'94 she said. \'93I meant why are they targeting me? In my experience\'97\'94\
\'93People tend to be targeted when they possess knowledge they ought not to have,\'94 he finished.\
She nodded, pausing at the corner of the street, as they made their way out of Hyde Park. A few cabriolets went by, rolling quickly along the street, some of them turning toward the park. When the road was clear, she followed Mr. O across the street.\
\'93I\'92m not sure why you\'92ve been targeted,\'94 he said when they had crossed the street. He beckoned her to follow, as he headed east along the sidewalk. \'93But I suspect we will find out, in due time. You\'92re sure there isn\'92t something you\'92re keeping from me? Something to do with your ocular prosthesis, perhaps?\'94\
She glared at him. \'93Nothing like that.\'94\
\'93In that case,, it is likely a case of misinformation. They probably believe you know something they don\'92t want you to know.\'94\
She hurried to keep up with his surprisingly quick pace, which he maintained in spite of the bicycle at his side.\
\'93Still, I wonder\'85\'94 he said, scratching his forehead thoughtfully. Eventually, he shrugged. \'93Hm. Never mind,\'94 he said.\
With that, Miss Monday fell silent as well. They navigated the streets of London, taciturn but deep in thought. They passed a few familiar landmarks as they followed Mr. O\'92s meandering route through London\'97the Royal Academy, a church, an inn, a pub, an entrance to the London underground\'97and Miss Monday began to wonder where he was taking her. Her feet began to tire.\
\'93Too bad you didn\'92t bring an extra bicycle,\'94 she said at last, breaking the silence.\
He grinned. \'93I was under the impression that you weren\'92t a fan.\'94\
\'93I\'92m not,\'94 she admitted, with a hint of a smile playing on her lips. \'93Can I ask you something?\'94\
He shrugged. \'93Ask away,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92m an open book.\'94\
\'93What does the \'91O\'92 stand for?\'94\
He paused, mid-step, and stood stock-still. He tried to pass the gesture off as casual, as though he\'92d paused to avoid a crack in the sidewalk, but it was too late, as Miss Monday had already noticed it. Apparently the question had caught him off guard.\
\'93Oliver,\'94 he said, summoning up his customary nonchalance which bordered on arrogance. \'93John Oliver.\'94\
She nodded silently, but she wasn\'92t quite sure she believed him. Barely a moment later, her doubts were confirmed, as they arrived at their destination.\
Mr. O paused to stand before a long, winding driveway, which led the way through several neatly planted evergreens and a well-tended garden of chrysanthemums, rhododendrons, and hyacinths, towards a huge building of red brick. The entrance to the driveway was marked by a wooden sign, which hung smartly from a tall signpost. 
\i Grimmer and Sons Literary Agency and Printing Press
\i0 ,
\i  
\i0 it read in a plain font, which was engraved into the wood.\
\'93Family business,\'94 said Mr. O with a wink and a smile.\
The made their way up the driveway to the entrance of the building, an unimaginatively decorated structure made almost entirely of brick, square and impressive only insofar as it was large and boasted great square windows through which Miss Monday could glimpse the bustling activity of the Grimmer family\'92s printing company.\
Another sign in the window bore the name of the company and the building\'92s address.\
Mr. O parked his bicycle against the wall, and headed up a small flight of stairs, which led to a tall, white door. A bell tinkled musically as he opened the front door and held it open with a gallant sweep of his hand, gesturing for Miss Monday to head inside. She hesitated momentarily upon the steps.\
\'93Family business?\'94 she repeated, sarcastically, \'93I thought your family were the Oliver\'92s.\'94\
Some open book he was, she thought disdainfully.\
\'93Ah, well, no,\'94 he said with a noncommittal shrug. \'93John Oliver Grimmer,\'94 he said as if introducing himself for the first time.\
She raised an eyebrow, expressing her doubt, but she swept through the doorway nonetheless.\
Immediately she was overwhelmed by the sounds of the bustling employees of Grimmer & Sons, the mechanical clamour of the printing press from an adjacent room, the clacking of typewriters, and the high-pitched and cheerful voice of the Grimmer Agency\'92s secretary, who greeted the pair with a smile and a curtsey.\
\'93Hello, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 she said as he followed Miss Monday into the lobby of his family\'92s business.\
\'93Mrs. Fields,\'94 he said, taking off his hat and hanging it on a rack next to her desk, \'93I have the distinct pleasure of introducing you to Miss Monday.\'94\
\'93Very nice to meet you, Miss Monday,\'94 said Mrs. Fields, beaming genuinely from ear to ear. \'93Will you be working here at the Agency?\'94 she asked, clasping Miss Monday\'92s hands in her own as if they\'92d been best friends their entire lives.\
Before she could respond, Mr. O interjected. \'93She is entertaining the idea,\'94 he said. \'93I thought I would give her a tour, with the hope that seeing the Agency in person might help make up her mind.\'94}