{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Mrs. Fields nodded enthusiastically, as if to say that she agreed wholeheartedly with Mr. O\'92s assessment. At last, she released her grip on Miss Monday\'92s hands, and reiterated how nice it was to have made her acquaintance.\
Miss Monday nodded wordlessly, still taking in the sights and sounds of the bustling industry. It was true, that if it were her ambition to work at a printing company or literary agency, she might have found it difficult to refuse a position here. As it was, she hadn\'92t the slightest idea what she was doing there.\
Mr. O led the way down the hall, taking on the role of tour guide as Miss Monday followed him into a room filled with row upon row of typewriters, which clacked noisily beneath the fingers of a dozen men and women. She wondered what they were all typing.\
\'93I\'92m not quite sure I have the qualifications to work at a printing company,\'94 she jibed.\
\'93Not to worry,\'94 he said, winking conspiratorially, \'93That\'92s all just a front for my real business.\'94\
Exiting the room with the typewriters, they entered a long hallway, with doors along the way, each marked by a plaque indicating the name of the gentleman to whom the office belonged.\
\'93Of course, none of them know it\'92s a front. As far as they\'92re concerned, the only things we do here are print and publish novels and stories, mainly penny dreadfuls. We also publish a magazine on a quarterly basis, but that\'92s hardly important. The point is, very few of our own employees are aware of the true nature of the business. And of course, the printing press is profitable; almost all of our expenses are made possible by the money earned by our front business.\'94\
Miss Monday nodded to show that she followed.\
\'93So, the real business\'85\'94 she said.\
\'93Ah, that,\'94 said Mr. O with a sly smile. He\'92d paused outside the last door on the left of the hallway, a door marked with his own name and title.\

\i Mr. Jonathan Grimmer, Director
\i0 \
He opened the door and beckoned her to follow him inside. He glanced up and down the hallway as she crossed the threshold into a large but unremarkable office. He shut the door behind them, while she took a moment to survey the small space.\
Like most of the rooms in the Agency, it was scarcely decorated, plain and square. A red carpet lined the floor. A wooden desk sat atop the carpet, almost directly centered in the room. The desk was practically bare, as if it had seen little to no use. Miss Monday noted that there were no blotches of ink, no grooves or scratches in the desk, nor any other telltale sign that would suggest the desk had ever been used. The only objects on the desk: a small brass paperweight, an ink well, and a stack of untouched manuscripts. Behind the desk, a leather armchair that appeared to be collecting dust. A tall square window at the far end of the room was covered by a pair of thick, black curtains.\
\'93The real business,\'94 Mr. O announced, as he took a seat at the desk, causing dust to stir up and drift about the room like pale gray snow. He reached down with one hand and grabbed hold of a fixture that Miss Monday was unable to see from her present angle. There was a ratcheting sound as he pulled the lever beneath his desk. He gave her a triumphant smile, and watched as Miss Monday\'92s mouth fell open.\
At the edge of the red carpet, there was a circular groove carved into the hardwood floor, which twisted open. The circular spot on the floor began slowly to rise up out of the floor with the heavy sound of wood grinding against wood.\
Miss Monday found herself drawn to the spot on the floor, moving closer almost against her will, in order to see what was happening. Peering into the gap in the floor as the single circular section of the floor continued to rise, she caught flashes of steel and brass.\
She could hear the sound, loud even against the din of the printing press from a nearby room they\'92d yet to explore, of enormous gears turning from somewhere well below them. It was almost like the sound of a clock tower, or the turning wheels of a locomotive. The mechanical clang of an enormous machine coming to life.\
\'93It\'92s an elevator,\'94 he explained as it rose up to fill the the gap in the floor. The machine was built a bit like a cage, its bars made of brass, a gate on the front, which Mr. O slid open once the elevator came to a halt. A system of toothed wheels on each side of the contraption allowed the elevator to move up or down, pulley-like, with the simple pull of a lever, cleverly hidden beneath Mr. O\'92s desk.\
Miss Monday had heard of elevators, and knew that they were commonly used in mining, but she\'92d never seen one in person, and never suspected that one could be so easily hidden within the design of a building so that most of the building\'92s occupants would not even know of its existence.\
\'93So this is how you keep your employees in the dark?\'94 she said, as Mr. O stepped inside the elevator.\
He shook his head though he was smiling. \'93No,\'94 he said, and, ironically, reached up to light the gas lamp that hung from the ceiling of the elevator. \'93Not really.\'94\
He pressed his back up against the cage in order to make room for Miss Monday to enter. There was hardly enough space for the two of them, but she squeezed herself inside, and allowed him to close the gate behind her.\
He pulled a lever, and Miss Monday gave a start as the elevator shuddered and began to descend. It seemed to her as if the floor was rising, moving up with surprising speed with the grating sound of grinding metal and slowly revolving gears.\
\'93Trapdoor and a set of spiral stairs wouldn\'92t do the trick?\'94 she said with her customarily sarcastic tone as they headed down into the basement.\
\'93Elevator,\'94 he said with a shrug, \'93Much more stylish.\'94\
Then, the floor rose up above their heads, and they plunged into near darkness, the only light being the gas lantern above their heads, and it suddenly seemed as if they were descending into Hell. All that she could see was the cage-like walls of the elevator, and the machinery of its workings, which propelled them downward, toward the basement.}