{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The office in which they arrived was nearly identical to the one upstairs. Miss Monday had lost track of how many stories they\'92d descended to get here, but her ears had popped uncomfortably once or twice, so it must have been quite a few.\
Mr. O released the latch of the elevator\'92s gate, and allowed Miss Monday to exit first. With undisguised relief, she exited the claustrophobic space, and entered Mr. O\'92s other office.\
This one had curtains over the windows, like the one upstairs, though she suspected that if she were to pull them aside, she\'92d be looking at a bare wall. Still, they provided the comforting illusion that they were not several stories underground. The desk in this office was clearly used regularly. It was covered in scratches, coffee stains, and loosely organised sheets of dog-marked and crumpled papers. While the stacks of paper upstairs had been manuscript submissions and query letters from prospective authors, here the documents that lay upon the desk appeared to be mission logs. Miss Monday skimmed through some of the documents at the top of the pile as she perused the office.\
Mr. O stood against the wall near the false window, looking at her with curiosity and amusement, his arms folded casually as he leaned back, suppressing a grin.\
\'93What?\'94 said Miss Monday, when she noticed he had caught her snooping at the files on his desk.\
\'93Nothing,\'94 he said with a shrug. \'93Shall we?\'94\
He stood up from the windowsill and crossed the room. Miss Monday followed him to the door, though she was beginning to feel more than ever like she had tumbled down a rabbit hole.\
As Mr. O had pointed out, she had seen Lord Connor herself, cadaverous in appearance and hungry for her flesh. She had more reason than anyone to believe Mr. O\'92s claim, that the unliving creatures spoken of only by the most superstitious of people, ghouls which could rise after death to prey upon the living, were real.\
But her scepticism still continued to rise up and object even to what she had seen with her own eyes. Surely, Lord Connor had merely been afflicted by an unknown disease, one which caused his skin to appear rotten and grey, and his mind to betray him.\
Of course, if that were true, then Mr. O was clearly every bit as insane as Lord Connor had been, as he had built a secret underground facility devoted to hunting ghouls that did not exist. Not for the first time, she wondered why she was still following him. She hesitated at the doorway.\
Then, forcing her doubts down as if swallowing a bitter draught, she followed him out of his office.\
His office led to a lobby, so obviously Mr. O\'92s hidden elevator was not the only way of accessing the basement. There was a desk pushed back against the wall. Sitting at the desk, Mr. O\'92s secretary bent over a ledger, her feather pen darting quickly across the pages. She lifted her head as Miss Monday exited the office.\
\'93Miss Monday,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93This is Mrs. Hallward.\'94\
But when her eyes met Mrs. Hallward\'92s, she had to bite her tongue. Pretty, young, with her long locks of auburn hair pulled up tied into a neat knot, Mrs. Hallward looked quite a bit different from the last time she\'92d seen her, half-naked and wearing makeup, but she was unmistakably the same woman. She saw a flash of recognition pass across Mrs. Hallward\'92s face, but it was quickly suppressed.\
She knew Mrs. Hallward by another name. Miss Thompson.\
She wanted to say, \'93We\'92ve met,\'94 but she decided to keep this to herself, so she simply said, \'93Hello.\'94\
Mrs. Hallward\'92s eyes said a silent \'93thank you\'94 for the confidentiality, and Miss Monday nodded. Suddenly she noticed that Mr. O had already left the room, and she\'92d been staring at Mrs. Hallward. She hurriedly left the room.\
In the hall, Mr. O pulled a cord that hung from the ceiling, and a series of lamps began to switch on, automatically, one after another. Leaving his office behind, they made their way along the brightly lit hallway. Following a similar floor plan to the literary agency upstairs, the layout of Mr. O\'92s secret basement lair, as Miss Monday had begun to think of it, seemed to be a square, with office doors all along one side of the hallway and a large room in the centre of the square. There were plaques on each of the office doors, much like upstairs.\

\i Mr. O, Director\
Mr Abraham Palmer, Agent\
Bartholemew White, Agent
\i0 \

\i R\'e9my Mills, Agent\
Mrs. Elizabeth Grimmer, Chief Financial Officer
\i0 \
\'93My mother,\'94 Mr. O remarked as he passed that door.\
\'93And Mr. Grimmer?\'94 Miss Monday asked casually.\
A flicker of emotion passed through Mr. O\'92s face, perhaps for the first time. His lips tightened.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 she said.\
He nodded, quietly.\
They passed another door.\

\i Lord Henry Connor, Agent
\i0 \
Miss Monday stared at Mr. O in surprise. He nodded and provided her with an unapologetic shrug. Mr. O had told her that Connor had hunted the unliving, but she hadn\'92t realised he had worked directly with Mr. O.\
She gave a start when she noticed that Mr. O had carried on down the hallway without her, and she had to hurry to catch up.\
The next door they came to was not labelled with the name of any person, but was simply called Alpha Laboratory. Mr. O paused here, and reached into his waistcoat pockets. There was a jingling sound as he fished out a set of keys and began to sort through them. Finding the right one, he unlocked the door.\
Miss Monday waited at the doorway while Mr. O went inside and worked at lighting the room\'92s lamps. Even before he\'92d finished his task, she\'92d caught a glimpse of an image that would undoubtedly haunt her dreams that night and for nights to come.\
She choked back a cry of horror as she stared at an enormous, cylindrical fish tank of thick glass, which stood on one side of the room, the contents of the tank becoming more clear as each new lamp cast light upon the room.\
\'93Oh dearest God in heaven,\'94 she said quietly, \'93What in the name of Fuck am I looking at?\'94\
Mr. O shrugged, though his tone of voice was far from his usual nonchalance when he replied. \'93An experiment,\'94 he said grimly.}