{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Have you no respect for the dead?\'94 asked Miss Monday, glancing at Mr. O with annoyance carefully disguising the horror she felt, still, even as he closed and locked the door to the laboratory.\
\'93The dead have no respect for the living,\'94 he replied with a shrug, as if this were explanation enough for his indifference.\
\'93In any case,\'94 said Miss Monday, \'93I have to admit, you are not a fraud, as I might have suspected. Nor are you insane.\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 said Mr. O, making a seesawing motion with his hand, a playful smile on his face.\
She almost laughed, in spite of the situation. Instead, she gave him a fleeting smile, and followed him along the hallway as he continued to lead the way.\
\'93I must apologise,\'94 said Mr. O, finally taking note of Miss Monday\'92s distress. \'93The creature within the laboratory was perhaps a poor choice for a a woman\'92s delicate sensibilities, but I must admit, I had come to think of you as being made of sterner stuff than the average woman. I hadn\'92t thought-\'94\
She paused, making him halt to look back at her, as she defended her honour as a fearless adventuress. If looks could kill, a single look into Miss Monday\'92s one eye could have sent a man straight to hell.\
\'93I\'92ve stared down the barrel of a rifle without so much as batting an eye. I\'92ve leapt onto a speeding train from the back of a horse without the slightest trepidation. I\'92ve been cornered by hardened criminals, armed with nothing but the clothes on my back and the boots on my feet, and barely broken a sweat,\'94 she said. It was not a boast. It was a challenge. 
\i I dare you, call me a coward. 
\i0 \'93But that thing in the tank\'85\'94\
She suppressed a shudder. \'93It\'92s not natural. It\'92s not even human.\'94\
\'93It is the face of death,\'94 said Mr. O, his voice weary, void of its usual arrogance. \'93I know. I\'92m sorry. I suppose I\'92ve simply grown accustomed to these creatures. I\'92d somewhat forgotten how dreadful they can be.\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head. \'93I can\'92t imagine how you could forget something like that.\'94\
He shrugged. \'93Well, I drink quite a lot,\'94 he said.\
She laughed in spite of herself. \'93I suppose that must help,\'94 she said. \'93I could probably do with a drink myself.\'94\
Mr. O nodded.\
\'93The rest of the tour can wait,\'94 he said, turning around and heading back toward his office. \'93What\'92s your poison?\'94}