{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Mr. O\'92s office had an extra chair, which was not altogether uncomfortable. More importantly, he kept a small, locked cabinet, which contained a wide variety of half-finished bottles of liquor.\
Miss Monday settled into her chair and tossed back a glass of brandy. Without a word, Mr. O leaned across the table and offered to refill her glass. She placed the glass down upon his desk and waited quietly as he poured her another, almost feeling the liquor settling her nerves. It was like fire in her veins, warming her from within.\
\'93I have two questions,\'94 she said, sipping her second glass of brandy.\
\'93Just two?\'94\
\'93More like two thousand, I suppose, but I\'92ll stick to two, for now,\'94 she replied, cupping the glass of brandy in the palm of her hand.\
Mr. O nodded, as he busied himself with pouring his own glass of liquor, preferring the anise-flavoured green faerie, as it was often called.\
\'93Bit early for that, isn\'92t it?\'94 she asked.\
\'93Never,\'94 he said, taking his first sip, then setting the glass down upon the desk. \'93But that\'92s not your first question, is it?\'94\
She shook her head. \'93The unliving are real,\'94 she said after a deep breath. \'93Much as I would like to continue to deny their existence, I cannot escape the truth. But here is my question. These creatures are dangerous. Cannibalistic, even, as you have said yourself. Why don\'92t you warn people about them, so that they may be better prepared to defend themselves?\'94\
Taking another sip of absinthe, Mr. O swallowed, placed his glass back down, and replied, \'93I warned 
\i you
\i0 .\'94\
\'93But the general populace,\'94 Miss Monday exclaimed, exasperated, \'93What about them? Are they to remain in ignorance, when these creatures are milling about the streets of London, looking for human flesh to consume? We are defenseless, naked, in our ignorance.\'94\
Mr. O sighed, and it was perhaps the first time that Miss Monday had seen him looking weary. \'93That\'92s a question I\'92ve struggled with since I first began work at the Agency. The truth, though, is that as dangerous as the unliving may be, the knowledge of their existence may prove more dangerous still.\'94\
\'93What do you mean?\'94\
Mr. O leaned forward, placing his hands on the edge of his desk. \'93You\'92re a criminal, Miss Monday,\'94 he said, \'93No offence intended. But being a member of the criminal underground, you must understand the importance of being dangerous.\'94\
She nodded to say that she followed so far. Yes. In the world of criminals, the man with the biggest guns is king.\
\'93Imagine,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93How dangerous you might be, if you could bring monsters to life.\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head. \'93I\'92m not sure I follow,\'94 she said.\
\'93Lazarus,\'94 he explained, \'93It\'92s a disease. Or more accurately, a virus. Typically, it is spread by a bite from one of the infected dead; the virus is contained within their saliva and their blood. What this means is that hypothetically speaking, the disease could be extracted and administered like a drug, by a hypodermic needle, for example. It could even be distributed in the form of a gas and released into the very air we breathe, creating monsters wherever the wind takes it.\'94\
Miss Monday took another sip of brandy, and settled back in her seat. She had been leaning forward, gripping the arms of her seat, her knuckles turning white.\
\'93And you want to 
\i tell
\i0  people about this?\'94 Mr. O demanded with more passion than she\'92d grown accustomed to hearing from him.\
She stared at him in quiet horror as she contemplated what he was saying. If he was right, if this disease really could be spread as easily as he\'92d described, then there really was no choice but to keep it secret.\
\'93And yet you\'92re telling 
\i me
\i0 ,\'94 she said, after a few moments of quiet contemplation had passed while they\'92d sipped their liquor in silence. \'93Dangerous criminal that I am?\'94\
\'93Is that your second question?\'94 he asked. \'93You\'92re not a criminal any more. You\'92re an Agent. A hunter of the unliving. At least, that is my hope.\'94\
Miss Monday bit her lip. She wanted to tell him that he was full of horse shit. But he had made good on his promise. He had removed all doubt of the existence of the unliving. Which gave Mr. O much more credit than Miss Monday cared to afford him.\
Still, it was evident that Lord Connor really had hunted the unliving. Whoever killed him had knowledge of the Lazarus Virus, and knew how to use it as a weapon. And if Mr. O\'92s suspicions were correct\'97that Connor had been a member of the Resurrectionists, then it was possible they\'92d killed him for attempting to leave. Or for attempting to keep whatever was in the safe from them.\
Mr. O gestured toward Miss Monday\'92s picnic basket, which sat upon his desk. \'93But all that is just speculation. You have the answer to your question right there,\'94 he said. \'93You only have to open it.\'94\
She shook her head.\
\'93Still won\'92t open it?\'94\
\'93I\'92m not sure,\'94 she said. \'93I need to think.\'94\
Mr. O sat back in his seat and nodded. \'93Stubborn, aren\'92t you?\'94 he said.\
\'93I\'92ve been called worse.\'94 She settled back in her chair, her eyes still fixed on the picnic basket. \'93No,\'94 she said, leaning forward and grabbing the basket off the table, \'93Never mind. I need to know. If you\'92re wrong about this, I\'92ll simply reseal the envelope and deliver it as promised.\'94\
She withdrew the envelope from within the picnic basket. A thick yellow envelope, not terribly heavy, the package was sealed with red wax. It was embossed with the stag\'92s head of Connor\'92s family crest. Mr. O slid a letter opener across the table. She picked it up and slit the envelope open.\
\'93Moment of truth,\'94 she said.\
Then she reached into the envelope and began to pull out its contents. Sheets of torn-up paper, blank.}