{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A few weeks ago, a young man who walked with a slow gait paused to unfurl his umbrella before stepping out into the rain and fog. The dim light of a few street lamps pierced the blinding fog, cutting through the grey skies with orbs of yellow that melted into the mist.\
Boredom consumed him, as he ambled slowly through London\'92s bleak streets without purpose, passing through neighbourhoods a gentleman of his prestige ought to have avoided. The coarse voices of beggars called to him as he passed, drunken cries suffocated by liquor. Whispered words from toothless prostitutes, muffled by the patter of rain upon cobblestone, hardly managed to arouse his curiosity.\
He continued on his way through Whitechapel, not speaking a word to anybody, though he paused to lower his umbrella and to feel the rain pouring down upon his neck.\
Jack The Ripper once worked here, he thought. On these very streets, picking out women whose guts he wanted to see from the outside, and whose blood he wanted to spill. He thought about what that must be like, not from the whore\'92s point of view, but from the Ripper\'92s.\
Turning his thoughts to the contemplation of murder, he thought, was a certain way to dispel the boredom. But to act on those thoughts must be a different thing entirely. Was that why Jack had done it? To feel his own pulse quicken as he felt their hot blood upon his face, stifled their screams with a gloved hand upon their soft lips.\
There would be fear in taking a person\'92s life, to be certain. Fear would be unavoidable. Fear of being caught, fear of being damned to hell, fear that his prey might not fall as easily as expected beneath his blade. But wouldn\'92t it be better to feel fear than this dreadful boredom?\
Guilt. There would be guilt, too, wouldn\'92t there? Then again, he wondered. Maybe there would be no guilt. Perhaps the thrill of murder would overcome those scant feelings of meaningless remorse. Perhaps knowing that he could slit a woman\'92s throat and pluck out her insides as easily as slitting open the wax seal of a letter, made Jack feel so powerful as to render his victims\'92 lives meaningless in his eyes. Him, a god. A god of death and destruction, or a killing angel. The whores, ants at his feet. Ants, to be crushed, or burned by the reflected rays of the sun through a magnifying glass.\
He wondered if he could do it. If he could be like Jack, powerful, able to claim lives without a single moment of regret, to feel their hot blood upon his cheeks. Him, with his practically excessive reverence for human life. He, who believed that nothing, not love, not art, not money, not even science, could possibly outweigh the worth of a single human life.\
Could he cut into a woman\'92s flesh and pluck out her spleen? And if he did, would it thrill him? Would it quicken his pulse with fear and guilt and revulsion? Or would he hesitate, knowing the worth of that life? Would he pause to reflect at the immorality, halt and consider the villainy of even thinking those damnable thoughts that seemed to haunt him whenever he felt even the slightest boredom.\
He felt his trousers tighten, felt the blood in his veins seem to quicken, felt his eyes light up with a fervour that made the darkness of the cloudy night seem bright, and knew the answer to his question.\
He let his umbrella clatter upon the ground, stripped off his jacket and his vest, and threw them upon the ground. He peeled off his shirt as if overcome by fever, and let the rain beat down upon his chest.\
\'93\'91ello mister,\'94 said a voice, drawing his attention away from the heavens.\
A woman, delicate and soft-featured, though she was dirty and dressed in cheap and tattered cloth, raised her hand to her forehead to shield her eyes against the rain, and looked at him in surprise.\
Her blue, flower-print dress was drenched in rain, her hair soaked, and she was evidently intoxicated, as she staggered in his direction.\
\'93See somefin\'92 ye like?\'94 she called, raising her dress up to reveal a set of long legs. She named a price, and when he said nothing, lowered it without a moment\'92s consideration. When he still made no reply, she cursed at him and turned to leave.\
Suddenly, she took half a step backward, as she moved through the roiling cloud of fog and his masked face revealed itself to her. She caught a flash of pale skin beneath his mask, and through the foggy lenses of the mask, soft pink eyes. He moved slowly toward her, reaching into a small bag that he kept in his left hand, and withdrawing what appeared to be a perfume bottle, except that it was not filled with perfume.\
He smiled beneath his mask, as the young woman watched him approach through the fog, surprise giving way to fear. \
Yes, he thought, at once thrilled and disturbed by the look on her pretty, young face. The answer was yes.\
He tipped his hat and smiled, though she could not have seen his cheshire grin, as it was hidden by the bird-like leather mask of a plague doctor.\
\'93Perfume?\'94 he said, replacing the hat upon his head. His voice sounded strange and muffled through the leather mask, low and inhuman.\
She shook her head and began to move away from him, backing up until she stumbled into a wall and lost her balance. She fell, mud and rain splashing upon her dress and legs. She kicked out and began to scramble, backward, away from him. Her shoe slipped off, but she hardly seemed to notice.\
He leaned over her and squeezed the pump. A cloud of blood filled the air.\
\'93Breathe it in, whore,\'94 Anthony Tidkins said with a sneer. \'93Breathe it in.\'94}