{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Mr. O began his day like any other, except that today he had an accomplice. At first, he\'92d wondered if she would show. He\'92d waited outside the Agency for what seemed like hours, until eventually, he saw her emerge through the fog, trudging through the puddles on the driveway in a pair of knee-high boots.\
\'93I wasn\'92t sure you\'92d come,\'94 he\'92d said.\
\'93Neither was I,\'94 she admitted. \'93But I want to know who killed Lord Connor. I want to know who hired me, because as you suggested, it certainly seems like a setup. And I want to know who hired those thugs to hunt me down. I don\'92t take kindly to people meddling in my affairs, making attempts on my life, that sort of thing. And as the envelope was filled with sheets of blank paper, our 
\i only
\i0  remaining lead is the unliving. So, first tea, then zombies?\'94\
Now, joined by Miss Monday, it was business as usual. They trudged through the muddy banks of the River Thames, both of them wearing tall leather boots, muddy water sloshing under their feet. Blood-red worms lay in clumps along the shore.\
He wore brass goggles over his eyes. A medical mask covered his mouth and nose, which only somewhat stifled the stench of death and excrement. It had been years since the completion of the plumbing pipeline that ran through London, but the smell still clung to the riverside.\
In the dry summer months, when the river was as dried up as it would get and the tide was at its lowest point, the river was barely more than a creek at its deepest point. And when its waters shrank back, it left a thick residue of red silt and mud and discoloured, reddened worms, which wriggled as they began to dry in the sun. They squished under his feet and filled him with waves of nausea.\
High-powered rifle in his hands and at the ready, stepping carefully as he walked along the slick rocks, he scanned the banks for any sign of movement, careful not to fall into the river. Now and then he peered through the scope of his rifle, hoping to spot something he couldn\'92t with the naked eye.\
\'93What are you hoping to accomplish here?\'94 his accomplice asked.\
\'93This is one of our regular patrol locations. For whatever reason, the dead seem to come here. I\'92m hoping we\'92ll find some without bite marks, or perhaps some other clue. If we\'92re lucky, they might even make another attempt on our lives.\'94\
\'93Wouldn\'92t that be a stroke of luck?\'94\
\'93Just remember. Rule number one. Do not let them bite you.\'94\
\'93I\'92ll bear that in mind,\'94 she replied.\
It was a bit like fishing. Sometimes you\'92d spend half an afternoon or a morning just waiting, sipping whiskey from his flask. He\'92d spent dozens of afternoons in that way with Lord Connor, when he\'92d been an Agent. It was almost peaceful in those moments. Then, suddenly, something would bite.\
Of course, they didn\'92t use worms as bait. He wasn\'92t sure what drew the dead to the river, but they didn\'92t eat the worms, and they didn\'92t drink the water. Sometimes he wondered if it was the smell that drew them here. The fact that the river\'92s stink would disguise their own smell.\
\'93There,\'94 he said at last, and aimed his gun by way of pointing.\
\'93I see it,\'94 said Miss Monday, looking out across the river.\
His companion was dressed in a similar fashion to himself: tall leather boots, men\'92s trousers, medical mask over the mouth and nose. Unlike Mr. O, she also wore a whale-boned corset, a pair of peacock feathered earrings, a leather gun belt at her waist, and a patch over her right eye. From the right angle, she was astonishingly beautiful.\
One of the pouches in her belt had been emptied of its revolver, which she now held in her right hand, aimed in the direction Mr. O had pointed out.\
Upon a casual inspection of Miss Monday\'92s eyepatch, one might make the mistaken assumption that what she had strapped the lens of a camera to her eye\'97a lens which appeared to change focus automatically as she looked around. The truth, of course, was that the device was a prosthetic eye, though how she\'92d lost her eye was still a mystery to Mr. O. A long scar ran along the right side of her face, intersecting the clockwork apparatus. Through the genius of the device\'92s inventor, Miss Monday had been spared the loss of vision in her right eye.\
Miss Monday watched with clockwork eye as the creature emerged from the fog-thick streets of London and approached the banks of the Thames. The poor wench, who shambled toward them from the other side of the river, had once been a young and pretty girl. Now, she was hideous. Grey and bluish skin, violet bags beneath red eyes, open and infected wounds in patches on her visible skin. Her clothes, nothing but a blue and threadbare dress with floral print, were torn and stained with blood and filth.\
She sniffed through a broken nose, and even despite the stench of the river, even through her decaying nostrils, smelt them. She quickened her pace, opened her jaws so wide Mr. O could hear a sickening crack, and screamed in a way that was chillingly still nearly human.\
She was about to plunge into the water.\
\'93Don\'92t let her enter the river if you can help it,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93She\'92ll be swept away by the current.\'94\
Miss Monday opened fire, her bullet easily finding its mark. The girl\'92s head exploded in a shower of dried blood, and she stumbled backward and fell, face-first, into the mud and worms.\
\'93Nice shot,\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93I\'92m still getting used to this,\'94 she said, as she holstered her pistol with trembling hands.\
\'93Well, you\'92re doing just fine,\'94 he reassured her.\
\'93Don\'92t living people ever come down here?\'94 she asked, as together they trudged through the muck toward the bridge. \'93You ever shoot anyone by mistake?\'94\
Mr. O hid his rifle within the deep pockets he\'92d had sewn into his jacket for this very purpose.\
\'93Of course. All the time,\'94 he joked. \'93No, the living don\'92t seem to come here. Of course, I\'92m careful about who I\'92m shooting.\'94\
Half a mile\'92s trudge through the riverbanks and they reached the cobblestone bridge. Mr. O began to wipe the mud from his boots; it came off in great piles of reddish brown and stuck to the edge of the bridge. Good enough, he supposed, since he\'92d be trekking back into the muck on the other side of the river anyway.\
Finally, they reached the twice-dead corpse.\
Mr. O bent down and turned her over. He reeled back.\
\'93Good god, she stinks!\'94 Mr. O complained.\
Flies buzzed and worms clustered around the girl\'92s rotten face. Maggots crawled inside her mouth, though she couldn\'92t have been dead long. Still, the smell that emanated from her mouth was putrid. Even accustomed to this sort of work though he was, Mr. O had to resist the urge to gag on his every breath.\
Everything about the girl\'92s face was ordinary, as far as he was concerned. Disgusting, but ordinary. But as his inspection moved from head to toe, he very quickly discovered something incredibly unsettling. Beneath the girl\'92s torn dress, there was a brass rod, jutting out through her skin, just beneath the collar bone.\
With Miss Monday\'92s assistance and despite her protests against the impropriety, he managed to pry the girl\'92s clothes off and get a better look.\
\'93What on God\'92s green Earth?\'94 said Miss Monday.\
\'93It looks almost like\'85\'94 Mr. O began.\
He stopped. He reached out with a gloved hand and placed it on a clockwork device that had been affixed to the girl\'92s chest with metal rods that pierced through her body.\
\'93It looks almost like what?\'94 Miss Monday asked.\
\'93Nothing,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93It\'92s nothing. Never mind.\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head, and placed a hand upon his shoulder.\
\'93What does it look like?\'94 she persisted.\
\'93Well,\'94 he said, \'93It looks a bit like your eye, doesn\'92t it?\'94}