{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 It was as if the unliving sensed their fallen brethren and had flocked to the scene intent on vengeance. Or perhaps Mr. O was right; perhaps someone was making these creatures. Seemingly out of nowhere, the dead came shambling out of the fog that so often clung to the ground along the banks of the Thames.\
\'93God save me,\'94 Miss Monday exclaimed, drawing both pistols from her belt at once.\
As they approached, she tried to focus on each one of them individually, and not be overwhelmed by their numbers. Her hands began to sweat. Her pulse quickened. But she held her hands steady, and began to fire with her usual near-perfect aim. The dead dropped like flies.\
Dressed in petticoats and corsets, waistcoats and top hats, spats and vests, they shambled en masse, sporting pocket watches, gloves, and handkerchiefs. Their clothes were ripped and bloodied. Their eyes were white and red and lifeless, their skin discoloured by rot. The disease did not spare the wealthy or the working class. All were susceptible to its horrors.\
Their flesh was diseased with the plague of the unliving. Some of them had sloughed off limbs the way a snake sheds its skin. Here, a man with no left foot. There, a woman missing all of her fingers on one hand. A child, with no lips and no nose. No skin on its face at all. Just bone and blood and dead eyes. The terrible stench of decay wafted in from the fog, overtaking the sour odour of the river.\
The child led the pack, outpacing the rest as it shuffled its way along the riverbank. Miss Monday raised her gun, aimed it at the child\'92s face, and pulled the trigger. Her breath caught in her throat as she saw a cloud of dry and powdery blood fill the air. The boy fell into the mud.\
She felt a brief pang of guilt; she\'92d just killed a child, for god\'92s sake. But no. She had to remind herself, no, the child had been long dead. And there was no time to feel guilty.\
They were not human. They were hungry, dead-eyed monsters, and they were steadily drawing closer. Miss Monday squeezed the trigger again, and the limping man with one foot fell to the ground and stopped moving. The dead pressed on, climbing over the corpses of the fallen.\
She backed up, but she was trapped between the army of the dead on one side and the River on the other. Even if she could escape into the river, she couldn\'92t do so without abandoning Mr. O.\
She fired another round, and a woman with a bonnet collapsed on the muddy ground.\
Still they kept moving forward, as quickly as Miss Monday could kill them.\
She had to stop to quickly reload her pistols. Then, standing guard over Mr. O\'92s unconscious body, she aimed and fired. Another body fell into the pile.\
She heard a sound behind her. She spun around, and found herself staring into the pale red eyes of walking death. She swung her pistol, struck its head as hard as he could. It fell to the ground.\
But it was still moving. It reached out with limbs that were stiff with decay and with yellow fingernails grasped Mr. O\'92s legs.\
She kicked the creature hard, and it fell over backward, but it grasped her leg, and dragged Miss Monday down with it. Down, into the worm-infested banks of the river.\
It grasped at her hair, grabbed at her with clumsy hands, and snarled. She tried to raise her pistol, but the creature had seized her by the arm. Its jaws descended upon her right arm. She struggled to pull away from its tight grasp, but the creature had her pinned down.\
It opened its jaws and sunk its teeth into her arm.\
A shower of blood and brains exploded, splattering upon Miss Monday\'92s already muddy clothes.\
She looked back and saw Mr. O, still lying on the ground, one eye open, the other squinting. His gun was still smoking.\
\'93Oh, good, you\'92re awake,\'94 she said crossly.\
\'93Thank you, Mr. O, you\'92ve saved my life,\'94 he said in falsetto. His voice dropped an octave. \'93Oh, don\'92t mention it. Least I could do.\'94\
\'93Do shut up,\'94 she replied. \'93In case you haven\'92t noticed\'85\'94\
She gestured broadly at the shambling masses of the dead. Still, they continued to converge upon the Thames, staggering toward them in impressive numbers.\
\'93We\'92ve got to get out of here,\'94 said Mr. O, suddenly serious.\
Even if these had been the average run-of-the mill walking corpses\'97if walking corpses could ever be considered run-of-the-mill\'97the duo would have had a hard time of it. As it was, many of these corpses had been somehow altered. Tampered with, by someone who wanted to kill her. As they drew nearer, they saw that some of them had weapons attached to them, drilled through their bodies like the clockwork device affixed to the girl.\
\'93We\'92ve got to get out of here 
\i now
\i0 ,\'94 said Mr. O, his voice still shaky but assertive.\
But there was nowhere to go.\
Instead, Miss Monday pulled a grenade from her pouch, lit the fuse with a match, and promptly tossed it away. The device exploded, a dozen of the armed corpses with it.\
\'93Well,\'94 she said, \'93I should have done that sooner.\'94\
\'93I hadn\'92t realised you\'92d brought those,\'94 said Mr. O, looking at her in surprise and amazement. He climbed to his feet, rubbing his head painfully.\
\'93I told you I never go anywhere unprepared.\'94\
\'93How many of those have you got?\'94 Mr. O asked. He wanted to ask where she\'92d got them, but he left it at that.\
\'93Not enough,\'94 she said, \'93Let\'92s go.\'94}