{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 When the cab pulled up to the Agency\'92s driveway, Mr. O and Miss Monday were both covered and blood and smelled of rot. Clumps of dead flesh clung to Miss Monday\'92s clothes like burs. Mr. O\'92s hair was dishevelled and wet with blood.\
He put a coin in the driver\'92s hand, and opened the door for Miss Monday. He held out a hand and helped her descend from the cab. Her dress was torn in so many places it could have caused a scandal.\
Mr. O led the way to the front door of the tall, brick building, and Miss Monday followed behind. Mr. O carried the duffel bag over his shoulder. He opened the door, which chimed pleasantly, and held it open.\
Miss Monday stepped inside and was once again overwhelmed by the cacophony of sound.\
\pard\tx297\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360
\cf0 The loud mechanical sounds of the printing press filled the room, as they often did. The clacking of typewriters and the bustle of the office workers served to indicate that everything was operating as usual, at least here on the first floor, where they printed magazines and newspapers.\
Mrs. Fields manned the front desk, but she was joined by an older woman, who stood beside her. She had the look of someone with more money than friends. She was dressed expensively but not fashionably. She wore a dress in bright purple, with a broad and frilly hat in matching colour, the hat being decorated with the plumage of some unfortunate bird. There was a frown of disapproval etched on her face.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 Mr. O returned her frown. He removed his top hat in a show of politeness, and bowed slightly. \'93Mother,\'94 he said, \'93Allow me to introduce you to Miss Monday.\'94\
Miss Monday curtseyed and gave an awkward smile.\
\'93The new recruit?\'94 asked Mrs. Grimmer. \'93I\'92ve heard of you,\'94 she said. \'93I hope you\'92re as good at your work as my son claims.\'94\
\'93This is Mrs. Grimmer,\'94 said Mr. O, to Miss Monday, saving her from having to reply.\
\'93I need you to come with me, right away,\'94 she said, turning her attention from Miss Monday.\
\pard\tx297\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \'93Certainly, mother,\'94 Mr. O replied, \'93After I\'92ve had a warm bath, a bottle of wine, and a nap, I\'92ll follow you straightaway.\'94\
\pard\tx297\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360
\cf0 Mrs. Grimmer frowned. \'93Is that an attempt at humour?\'94 she asked, \'93I\'92m afraid I\'92m unamused.\'94\
\'93When have you ever been amused by anything? But no, I wasn\'92t trying to be funny. We\'92ve only just returned from Miss Monday\'92s first excursion, a rather trying mission if I may say so, and I\'92d like to remove the blood from my hair and clothes, if that\'92s quite alright with you. And more than that, I\'92d like a good, stiff drink in my hand and a comfortable chair beneath my arse.\'94\
\'93Language,\'94 his mother scolded. \'93And you think you\'92ve had a hard day?\'94 she added. \'93Well, you\'92re hardly the only one. I\'92ll need to speak with you in your office. One hour.\'94\
She pivoted on her heels, and disappeared down the hallway, leaving the dishevelled duo perplexed and annoyed.\
\'93What does she want to talk to you about?\'94 Miss Monday wondered aloud.\
\'93Budget, I imagine,\'94 he grumbled. \'93The Agency\'92s budget is under review,\'94 he added darkly. \'93Penny dreadfuls and newspapers are not exactly enough to cover the Agency\'92s expenses. We\'92re partly subsidized by the Grimmer family fortune. Mother has been discussing cutting us off, while the monarchy has been debating over the idea of taking us over. I suspect a decision has been made.\'94\
Miss Monday blinked in surprise, but he didn\'92t give her the chance to pursue further inquiry. He abruptly turned his attention to his receptionist, who had been doing her best not to stare at his clothes, or wrinkle her nose while he\'92d been standing there, talking with Mrs. Grimmer and Miss Monday.\
\'93Good afternoon, Mrs. Fields,\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93Good afternoon, Mr. O. Miss Monday.\'94\
Miss Monday returned the greeting with a smile.\
\'93If you\'92re wondering about our appearance,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93Allow me to explain. It\'92s all part of a new marketing scheme.\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the receptionist, nodding enthusiastically at the notion, \'93So, you\'92re attempting to drum up interest for a new penny dreadful, then?\'94\
\'93Yes, precisely,\'94 Mr. O explained, \'93I realise it\'92s unconventional, but it gets people talking.\'94\
\'93I would certainly imagine it does,\'94 she said.\
On that note, he excused himself, and headed down the hall with Miss Monday following in his wake.\
\'93Oh, why don\'92t you just tell that poor lady the truth?\'94 Miss Monday scolded.\
\'93About what?\'94\
\'93The Agency. You do realise she\'92s probably figured it out for herself anyhow, don\'92t you? Well, not all of it, anyway, but I\'92m quite certain she isn\'92t fool enough to believe you\'92re covered in blood because you\'92re promoting books. Probably thinks you\'92re Jack The Ripper. That\'92s probably why she\'92s so afraid of you.\'94\
\'93Jack The Ripper,\'94 Mr. O laughed.\
Miss Monday looked scandalized. She hadn\'92t thought even Mr. O would laugh about Jack The Ripper.\
\'93He isn\'92t real,\'94 Mr. O explained. \'93One of our writers thought him up.\'94\
Miss Monday blinked in confusion. \'93What do you mean?\'94\
\'93Those women, whose guts were ripped out. It wasn\'92t the work of a murderer. It was the unliving. Of course, we couldn\'92t let that little fact get out, could we? So we called in one of our writers; some of them are aware of what we do here, you understand. And what he came up with was Anthony.\'94\
\'93Explains why they haven\'92t caught him yet,\'94 she muttered as they continued down the hallway.\
They unlocked the door to Mr. O\'92s upper office, and when they were certain that no one was looking, they pulled the lever to summon the secret elevator.\
Even the mechanical clang of the printing press in the room next door was not enough to drown out the clamour of the elevator moving up from the basement.\
\'93So, you really think Mrs. Fields is afraid of me?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Without a doubt,\'94 she replied.\
The elevator arrived, and he slid open the rusty gate. They stepped inside and began their descent into the Agency proper.\
\'93Well,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93She ought to be. I\'92m a dangerous man.\'94\
Miss Monday snorted. \'93You wish,\'94 she said.}