{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The elevator descended with its steady mechanical rhythm, down, down toward the basement of the real Agency, the one whose mandate was to exterminate the unliving while guarding the world\'92s most dangerous secret. Lazarus.\
It was Mr. O\'92s belief\'97and his father\'92s belief, before him\'97that if man discovered anything sufficiently deadly, he would find a way to use it as a weapon. Electricity, fire, even gravity could be used as instruments of war. And disease was no exception. Disease could, and had, been used to great effect as weapon. The British Army had used it when they gave blankets contaminated with smallpox to the Native Americans. And during the times of the Black Death, plague corpses had been used in warfare. Throughout history, there were instances of contaminating wells with the diseased remains of infected animals.\
But this disease, this virus, if it were to be used as a weapon, as he feared, the devastation it would unleash would be beyond what anyone could imagine. Virulent in its effects, highly volatile, and incredibly contagious, the Lazarus Virus was unlike any other disease known to man.\
The horde of the unliving they\'92d faced on the banks of the Thames, with their mechanized, clockwork corpses, seemed to lead to the unsettling conclusion that his worst nightmare had become a reality. Somebody was using the virus as a weapon. The Society of Immortals. As sure as he lived and breathed.\
The elevator shuddered to a halt. He slid open the gate and stepped out, into his underground office, dragging the heavy duffel bag behind him. Miss Monday followed him out of the elevator and closed the gate shut.\
Leaving the body bag in the corner of the room, Mr. O turned on a lamp, bathing the room in warm gas light. Shadows flickered around the room.\
The office was as she remembered it. A bit small and somewhat disorderly, but not necessarily cramped. On one wall sat the large wooden desk where Mr. O did the majority of his work. His large, well-used leather chair sat behind it. A series of bookshelves and filing cabinets lined the other walls, and a few small wooden chairs sat in the corners of the room and in front of his desk.\
Mr. O settled into his own chair, behind his desk, and Miss Monday chose the surprisingly comfortable wooden chair in front of it.\
\'93I thought you were going to have a bath and a bottle of liquor,\'94 said Miss Monday.\
Mr. O stood up, winked at her, and retrieved a bottle of wine from his liquor cabinet. He poured out two glasses and slid one across the desk.\
\'93I was quite serious about the drink, although it appears I\'92m fresh out of my usual supply, so I suppose that wine shall have to suffice, for now. But as much as I\'92d love to wash the blood from my hair and clothes and scrub the filth from my fingernails, I wanted even more to discuss the day\'92s misadventures with you before my mother returns to shove her nose in my business as she so often does.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Miss Monday.\
Mr. O grimaced at the taste of the wine he\'92d forgotten wasn\'92t gin or rum or something else stronger. He\'92d been quite taken with vodka lately, and with absinthe. He routinely switched from liquor to liquor as constantly as a prostitute changes johns.\
\'93So,\'94 he said, placing his glass down upon his desk. \'93Quite the adventure, wasn\'92t it?\'94\
\'93Well, I can\'92t say I was bored,\'94 she admitted. \'93But are we really any closer to finding out who killed Lord Connor? What can we really expect to find when the doctor examines the body we hauled back here?\'94\
Mr. O shrugged. \'93Honestly, I haven\'92t the foggiest idea. I\'92m just hoping we\'92ll catch a lucky break. Until we track down Connor\'92s killer, both our lives are in danger. Anyone who knows anything at all about the unliving may be a target.\'94\
She looked at him sceptically. \'93I\'92ve been meaning to ask you. What makes you think Lord Connor was a member of the Society of Immortals?\'94\
\'93One of the methods we employ to keep the unliving threat at bay is the use of a machine which allows us to intercept telegraphs,\'94 he said. \'93The machine then scans for specific key words, which allows us to track instances of sightings without the need to read each and every telegram we intercept.\'94\
\'93So you happened upon a telegram that implicated Lord Connor as a member of the Society?\'94\
Mr. O smiled and nodded. He was pleased that she was keeping up with his explanation, and even more pleased that she hadn\'92t asked for a breakdown of the telegram interception machine. He had no idea how it worked himself, but he preferred not to admit that.\
\'93Connor was a member of the Society, I\'92m certain of it. That\'92s what got him killed. I don\'92t know what was in his safe, but whatever it was, he must have known they were after it.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Miss Monday agreed. \'93That much is obvious. Why else lock blank sheets of paper in a safe? So where would he have moved the real package, whatever it was?\'94\
Mr. O shrugged. \'93I\'92m still missing a piece of the puzzle,\'94 he said.\
Miss Monday folded her arms. \'93Which piece?\'94\
Mr. O smiled without any joviality. He took a swig of his dissatisfying wine. \'93That is the question,\'94 he said, \'93And I hate to bring it up again, but I believe it must all be connected. I know I am surely stepping well beyond the boundaries of etiquette by asking, yet again, but I\'92m afraid I must. Your clockwork eye.\'94\
Miss Monday flinched and looked away. Since he\'92d met him, he hadn\'92t said a word about it. Not until they\'92d found the strange clockwork contraption surgically attached to the dead girl. Honestly, that was one of the reasons she put up with him. One of the reasons she\'92d let him kiss her.\
She shook her head as if she could shake that thought away.\
\'93Where did you get it?\'94 he persisted, \'93And from whom? And how does it work?\'94\
She sighed. She knew he would not have asked if he didn\'92t think it was relevant, and of course she knew, instinctively, that he was right. Her story was intricately tied with this new breed of the Unliving. The fusion of organic tissue with highly advanced mechanical devices. Miss Monday\'92s clockwork prosthetics. And the strange contraption on the living dead girl.\
If she wanted Mr. O to trust her, she couldn\'92t keep this from him.\
\'93Alright,\'94 she said, at last, \'93I\'92ll tell you. I\'92ll tell you everything.\'94\
Then she swallowed the whole of her glass of one, in one swift gulp.}