{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\fi337\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93I was a much younger woman back then\'97a girl, really\'97and if it can be believed, even prettier than I am now.\'94\
Jonathan grinned. \'93Impossible,\'94 he said.\
Miss Monday smiled.\
They were seated in the lounge, aboard the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 , high above the dying city of London. Far enough above the city that they could no longer hear the apocalyptic sounds from the ground below. The screams of the living as they watched their friends and family members die, only to turn on them. The inhuman pining of the zombies as they hunted for living flesh. The shattering of glass as the creatures broke into homes and businesses, for even there the living were not safe.\
While Miss Monday had complained of airsickness, the airship was not without its comforts. At any rate, it was preferable to being on the ground at the moment. Miss Monday had nonetheless plopped herself into a chair with an audible sigh. And with blood still spattered upon her face and clothes\'97and unless Jonathan was mistaken, that was a human finger stuck in her hair\'97she was settled in comfortably, drinking cup of tea. He thought about alerting her to the presence of the finger, but decided against it.\
With Henry Charles Ocelot to his right, also looking a little worse for wear, and with Mrs. Hatton seated next to Miss Monday, he leaned forward in his seat. At last, Miss Monday had been persuaded to reveal how she\'92d lost her arm and eye, and Jonathan, for one, was anxious to know her story. Even if it was too late for London, it seemed important to understand.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \'93I was still new to my profession. Until very recently I\'92d been picking pockets and stealing things that were of very little worth to anyone. That all changed, of course, when I met a man who wanted to steal something more valuable. His name was Jack Bernhardt. I had met him previously, and he had been kind to me. I began to see him more regularly, and he would often buy me lunch. Sometimes, he would bring me a clean dress or a new hat. Simple enough presents that might not have meant much at all to the average person, but I was a street girl. An orphan. To me, it meant the world. I came to think of him like a father, for the way he looked after me. So, when he asked me to steal research from a military laboratory, you can imagine my answer.\'94\
\'93Was your mission was a success?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\fi337\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 Miss Monday snorted, indicating what she thought of his question. Of course she\'92d been successful.\
\'93Why did he want you to steal research?\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \'93Bernhardt was a doctor. A physician. Although he was somewhat of a Jack of all trades. Eventually I learned that he had been conducting scientific experiments. He also enjoyed tinkering with rather whimsical inventions. Clockwork dolls and such things. He was something of a genius. A child prodigy, too. According to some of his friends, who I met through my association with him, Jack never spent a single day in school. He learned it all from books, and from his mentor. Dr. Allen.\'94\
Jonathan noticed Mr. Ocelot\'92s fist clench at the mention of that name. Mrs. Hatton\'92s eyes narrowed.\
\'93Anyway,\'94 Miss Monday went on. \'93Jack later hired me for a mission. We were to travel from London, all the way to the small island of Haiti. I travelled via dirigible, with Jack as my constant companion. I\'92d come to accept that he was an eccentric young man, but I hadn\'92t quite understood the extent of his eccentricities until we began to travel together.\
Throughout the duration of the journey, he had been toiling with one of his inventions: a pair of wings, which, when strapped to his back would apparently allow him to glide on the wind as if he were flying. He\'92d been collecting the feathers of crows throughout the journey, and I imagine he\'92d been collecting them long before we embarked on our trip. Anyway, he\'92d been sewing the feathers to these artificial wings, bit by bit covering the leather and wooden hang glider in black feathers. Like black Icarus wings.\
Whatever his obsession with crows, I can\'92t say, but his eccentricities had never bothered me. As I said, he\'92d been somewhat of a father to me. He was wealthy, but not excessively; the ship itself was perhaps the smallest dirigible I\'92d ever seen, barely big enough to fit the both of us, and it was not richly detailed or lushly decorated like this one. Of course, I was hardly one to complain, and at least my salary was fair. Or so I thought.\
That was before I knew exactly what the job would entail. At that point, I knew only the few details that Jack had provided. As I said, it was an expedition to Haiti. I knew that much. But I did not yet know about the 
\i Bokor
\i0 .\'94\
\'93The what?\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93The 
\i Bokor
\i0 ,\'94 Miss Monday repeated. \'93A vodou word, meaning sorcerer. I\'92m not sure I can explain it as precisely as Jack eventually did, but are you at all familiar with vodou?\'94\
\'93I vaguely recall having once read an article from the Royal Geographical Society on the subject,\'94 said Jonathan, \'93But I can\'92t say I remember much about it.\'94\
Henry Charles Ocelot nodded.\
\'93I know a thing or two about that subject,\'94 he said in his deep baritone voice. \'93As Miss Monday says, a 
\i bokor
\i0  is a sorceror. Practitioners of vodou believe in spirits called 
\i loa
\i0 . You might think of the loa as 
\i gods
\i0 . The 
\i bokor
\i0  is a servant of the loa, so in this way, he is like a priest. He does not practice 
\i magic. 
\i0 He merely serves the 
\i loa.\'94\

\i0 \'93But not all 
\i loa
\i0  are kind, benevolent spirits, isn\'92t that right, Mr. Ocelot?\'94 said Miss Monday.\
\'93They say that a 
\i bokor
\i0  serves with both hands. On the one hand, the light\'97healing the sick, protecting the weak. On the other hand, the dark. A 
\i bokor
\i0  that embraces this sort of power is supposedly able to raise the dead.\'94\
Jonathan repeated those words, inflecting meaning into them. \'93Raise the dead, eh?\'94 he muttered.\
\'93Yes, precisely my point,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93This particular 
\i bokor
\i0  had apparently amassed quite the following, though his people also feared him. They called him Papa Doc because he was healer. The light, on the one hand. On the other hand, he had been using his power as a political weapon, creating fear and propaganda. Even his own people feared him, and he slaughtered those who questioned him with uncompromising mercilessness.\'94\
\'93Nice chap,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Yes, well, they made him president.\'94}