{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93The airship eventually set down in the city of Port-Au-Prince, with a backdrop of sunny skies and palm trees. Jack must have been sweltering beneath his plague doctor\'92s mask, but still he kept it strapped to his face.\
As we climbed down from the dirigible, I heard the unmistakable albeit muffled voice of a lady. I looked down and was surprised to see that she was fair-skinned, as I had been led to believe that the people of the island were coloured. Of course, I soon learned that she was not an islander, but a French scientist She was also our contact here.\
She was prettily dressed, in a red bustle skirt. She carried a parasol and wore white gloves on her delicate hands, which she waved to get our attention. It was only her neck that showed that flash of white skin that led me to guess that she was not a native Haitian. Her face was covered by a mask that was identical to the one that Jack wore. The mask of the Resurrectionists. Of course, I didn\'92t know that at the time.\
My clients valued their anonymity even more than their comfort. She must have been sweating buckets beneath the leather mask. But in my business, discretion is the better part of valour. One cannot be too careful, as they say. It was my assumption that this was why she wore the mask.\
Jack introduced her as Dr. Mircalla Karnstein, which must have been a pseudonym. I can\'92t think of a name that\'92s any 
\i less 
\i0 French than Karnstein. Of course, in my line of work nearly everyone uses a nom de plume. I hadn\'92t yet become Miss Monday, so I introduced myself simply as Miss Grey.\
Dr. Karnstein\'92s English was heavily accented and at times difficult to understand, so the conversation was tedious, as neither Jack, nor I spoke a word of French.\
Eventually, with the niceties out of the way, she took us to a steam-powered paddlewheel boat, which she\'92d hired to take us the rest of the way to what she explained was the small town where it had all begun and where Papa Doc kept his army of zombies.\'94\
\'93Zombies?\'94 Mr. O repeated.\
\'93The supposedly resurrected dead,\'94 said Annabel. She swallowed a sip of bitter wine, and added, \'93Raised and controlled by the 
\i Bokor
\i0 .\'94\
\'93No wonder this Papa Doc was so feared,\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93You have no idea,\'94 Annabel replied. \'93Shall I skip to the good part?\'94\
\'93You should have 
\i begun 
\i0 with the good part.\'94}