{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93I suppose it does,\'94 said Miss Monday, standing up stiffly. Her gaze lingered on the poor dead girl\'92s body with the strange device affixed to it.\
\'93Give me a hand with her, would you? We\'92ve got to get her back to the Agency. Dr. Simms will need to examine her body and the device attached to it, but this is precisely what we were looking for. A clue. If we can determine who created this monster, it should lead us to Lord Connor\'92s killer and thus the men who hired you.\'94\
A shadow fell across Mr. O, but Miss Monday was still so focused on the girl\'92s body that she failed to notice it.\
\'93About that,\'94 she said. \'93Could we not have simply retrieved Lord Connor\'92s body and examined that? Shouldn\'92t his body have contained clues?\'94\
\'93Mhm,\'94 Mr. O replied, though he was only slightly paying attention. He was attempting to remove the clockwork device from the girl\'92s body, but the device refused to budge. \'93Hm. Yes, well, Connor\'92s body is likely inaccessible. For the moment, anyway. The place is likely swarming with police officers.\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 she said, \'93You mean to tell me that you hid Connor\'92s body in his own home?\'94\
The shadow that had fallen across Mr. O suddenly grew larger, and Miss Monday at last took notice. She whirled about to see another of the unliving creatures, which had crept up unnoticed, behind him.\
\'93Mr. O!\'94 she cried in alarm.\
He spun around to see the creature leering at him. It growled hungrily, and Mr. O reached for his rifle\'97too slow.\
The monster swung its right arm, stiffly. Mr. O moved to duck out of the way, but not quickly enough. He creature\'92s arm struck Mr. O hard against the head. He crumpled to the ground and lay motionless in the mud.\
\'93Shit,\'94 Miss Monday swore.\
She stared in horror at the creature that stood beside him. Its arm, she realised, was not made of flesh and bone, but iron. No wonder Mr. O had dropped so hard to the ground.\
\'93Mr. O,\'94 she said again.\
He lay motionless in the mud, as the creature moved towards him once again, opening its jaws with hunger in its dead eyes.\
Miss Monday drew her pistol from her belt and fired, dropping the monster easily.\
But there was no time for celebration. Just as she finished off the iron-armed monster, a chorus of cold and lifeless voices rose up from behind her.\
The dead were converging upon the river, and Mr. O had lost consciousness.}