{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \'93The Penny Dreadful\'94\
Miss Monday Vs. Dr. Anthony Tidkins\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 	Chapter 1\
- Miss Monday, thief for hire, sneaks in to Lord Henry Connor\'92s manor\
- She goes into his study to steal the contents of his safe. When she finds him, he is a zombie.\
\
	Chapter 2\
- Miss Monday kills Lord Connor.\
- Mr. O enters the room.\
\
	Chapter 3\
- Mr. O gives Miss Monday the combination to the safe. He tells her that Connor was a monster and that he is a monster hunter and that his business is information. He calls her an assassin, which she denies.\
- Miss Monday empties the safe and leaves.\
\
	Chapter 4\
- Miss Monday can\'92t sleep. She flips through her copy of The Picture of Dorian Gray.\
- The next morning, Mr. O shows up at her door. He suggests that killing people takes a toll on her conscience. He believes she feels guilty about it. She thinks he\'92s an arrogant ass, and that he has no right to judge her\
- He offers her a job, hunting monsters, he says. She declines, saying that she doesn\'92t believe in them, and that she enjoys her work.\
- He tells her that she believes she\'92s in danger. He says that Lord Connor was turned into a monster deliberately by someone who wants to kill her\'97the men who hired her, he thinks.\
- She wants to know why the zombies aren\'92t public knowledge; he explains that keeping them secret is part of his company\'92s mandate. Outraged that he would keep such a dangerous secret, she asks him to leave.\
- She heads out with the contents of Lord Connor\'92s safe in her picnic basket, and runs into her neighbour on the way.\
- They talk about Mr. O, and Miss Monday tells her that she dislikes him.\
- Miss Monday hires a cab to take her to Hyde Park, and she notices that she\'92s being followed\
\
	Chapter 5\
- She manages to lose the cab, and arrives at Hyde Park.\
- She is accosted by a thug. She flees, but runs into Mr. O.\
- At first she thinks it was Mr. O who has been following her and sent his thugs after her, but he denies it.\
\
	Chapter 6\
- They sit down on a bench in the park and have tea\
- Mr. O suggests that she should open the envelope she took from Connor before turning it in to her employers\
- She refuses, insisting that it would compromise her professionalism\'97and her principles\
- He remarks on the irony of a thief with principles\
- Changing the subject, he tells her that he believes her employers are aware of the secret he has sworn to keep\'97the existence of the monstrous dead. Furthermore, he believes they intend to use that knowledge to destroy London\
- He also adds that he thinks Lord Connor may have been the member of a secret society\'97or cult\'97that intends to destroy London\
- Miss Monday refuses to believe his claims. He says that he can prove it; she gives him 3 days to do so\
\
	Chapter 7\
- Mr. O takes Miss Monday to the Agency\
- There is a hidden elevator in Mr. O\'92s office, which leads down to a secret basement.\
- He explains that upstairs, the Agency functions as a literary agency and printing press. Downstairs, it is an organisation whose mandate is to kill the unliving and to keep their existence a secret, in the interest of public safety\
\
	Chapter 8\
- Mr. O shows Miss Monday the basement, where she notes Lord Connor\'92s name on one of the doors. She doesn\'92t have time to ask Mr. O about it.\
- Mr. O shows her one of the Agency\'92s laboratories\
- In the laboratory is one of the unliving, kept submerged under water as an experiment\
\
	Chapter 9\
- Mr. O and Miss Monday have a drink in his office\
- Miss Monday grills Mr. O on his reasoning for keeping the unliving a secret\
- He explains that the virus could be weaponized, so the fewer people who know about it the better\
- She also asks him what her employers have to do with any of this\
- He explains that Connor had no bite marks on him, nothing to indicate that he was turned naturally. As he\'92s said before, he believes that someone created him deliberately. Why would anyone do that, if not to try to kill Miss Monday? And who else would know that she would end up in Connor\'92s study, but the men who hired her? \
\
	Chapter 10\
- A mysterious man wearing the mask of a plague doctor kills a pretty young woman in a blue, floral dress. He uses a perfume bottle, releasing a cloud of poisonous air and forcing her to breathe it in\
\
	Chapter 11\
- Mr. O and Miss Monday head down to the banks of the Thames, where the unliving are known to gather.\
- Miss Monday shoots an unliving girl in a blue, flower dress\
- The girl has a strange clockwork device affixed to her chest\
- As they are examining her, an unliving man sneaks up on them and strikes Mr. O with an iron arm, rendering him unconscious\
- Miss Monday kills the iron-armed walking corpse\
- A hundred or so unliving creatures arrive at the river en masse, some of them similarly altered with mechanical prosthetics and weaponry\
\
	Chapter 12\
- \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 - Upon returning to the Agency, they deliver the cadaver to Dr. Simms, the Quartermaster, who begins his examination of the corpse, and report their discovery to Mr. O.\
- Meanwhile, Mrs. Grimmer delivers Queen Victoria\'92s letter to Mr. O, informing him of the gruesome task ahead of them; they are to dispatch a particularly deadly insect specimen that has been released\'97apparently as a test of the Agency\'92s competence, devised by Sir Henry on behalf of the Crown\
- Upon completing this mission, Mr. O and his agents return to the Agency\
- While waiting for Dr. Simms to complete his examination, Mr. O and Ms. Monday have a discussion on the subject of the altered corpses, and Ms. Monday finally tells him about the mission during which she lost her eye\'97which was later replaced with a clockwork replacement.\
- She explains that she had embarked on a mission to assassinate a man called Papa Doc, a Haitian politician who had been infecting living men\'97turning them into the unliving\'97in order to assert political control through fear. He had established himself as a powerful 
\i houngan
\i0 . She was also expected to dispatch his horde of the unliving; however, she was overpowered and lost her eye in the battle.\
- Later, her mysterious benefactor, Doctor Crow\'97or Doctor Tidkins, as he was otherwise known\'97replaced her eye with his clockwork contraption. Also relevant to the expedition was a female scientist (Dr. Mircalla Karnstein) whose studies of the virus had led her to Haiti, where she\'92d discovered Papa Doc and his nefarious activities. Threatened by Papa Doc and nearly forced to abandon her research, she\'92d turned to Doctor Tidkins, an old acquaintance, for assistance.\
- Tidkins, upon Miss Monday\'92s recommendation, had later been hired by Mr. O as the chief scientist and quartermaster for the Agency. More recently, Tidkins had disappeared, suddenly, leaving the Agency to find a new Quartermaster in Dr. Simms\
- Having discussed the case at length, Mr. O and Ms. Monday turn their suspicions to Doctor Tidkins, the most likely culprit involved in the altered unliving. Still, his plans and whereabouts remain a mystery\
- Shortly after this discussion, some distressing news comes to light: as it turns out, neither Queen Victoria nor Sir Henry knew anything about the apparent practical test involving the giant unliving insect; Queen Victoria\'92s letter was a forgery. This only deepens Mr. O\'92s suspicion of Dr. Tidkins (who else would know so intimately the workings of the Virus, or the Agency\'92s relationship with the Crown, as to be able to pull off the ruse? Who else would have the technical knowledge and technology to fuse clockwork with biological creatures, as had been done with Ms. Monday\'92s eye). But why the ruse? Surely, the doctor had not actually expected the clockwork creature to succeed in killing the Agents.\
- Dr. Simms, having finished his examination, summons the Agents to his office, where he reveals his findings. First, comparing the clockwork contraption attached to the cadaver to the work of the former Quartermaster, the work is definitively that of Dr. Tidkins. There is therefore no longer any doubt of his involvement. Second, some of the mechanical parts have the name of their manufacturer engraved on them.\
- Mr. O and his fellow agents arrive at the conclusion that the best way to track Dr. Tidkins may be to visit the site of the machine shop where the parts were manufactured. However, it also occurs to them that a criminal mastermind would not unintentionally have left such an obvious clue for the Agents to follow. Therefore, he must be intentionally leading them to the machine shop. Still, despite knowing that they may be playing right into Tidkins' trap, they have little choice but to track him.\
- As predicted, the machine shop is a trap. The doors of the shop, filled with unliving men and women\'97all of whom are rigged up with clockwork weaponry, are rigged to close and lock automatically when anyone enters the shop. The lights are rigged to shut off. The Agents are locked inside, their predicament much more grave than they could ever have predicted. However, they do have an ace in the sleeve; Mr. Steen\'97one of their Agents\'97strategically remained outside the shop. When they Agents become trapped, he sets about his attempt to free them, while inside, the Agents fight for their lives.\
- Eventually, the Agents manage to escape the machine shop with their lives, unfortunately no closer to capturing Tidkins.\
- However, when they return to The Agency, they discover that the \'93trap\'94 in the machine shop was more than just that. It was also a distraction. While they had been busy fending off the clockwork cadavers in the shop, Tidkins had robbed the Agency of its considerable supply of weapons and technology\'97including the Penny Dreadful itself.\
- Unable to gain the well-deserved respect of the scientific community due to his age (seventeen) and eccentricity (he wears a plague doctor\'92s mask at all times), he means to shock the world with his scientific prowess, by revealing the existence of the unliving.\
- He intends to release the Virus in the form of gas, transforming London into a city of the dead. Besides his wish to shock the world with his scientific endeavours and gain respect, he also needs a large number of test subjects in order to test the effects of the Unliving Plague. He hopes that some of them will display signs of immunity; if so, he believes a cure may be derived. If a cure for death can be discovered, it will be the key to immortality.\
- What\'92s more, Tidkins did not work alone. His plans are not all his own. He is a key member of a faction called The Resurrectionists. With them, he has been conducting scientific studies on unwilling test subjects in order to find a cure for death itself. They believe the Unliving Plague is essential to their research.\
- It seems that Tidkins may just get away with his plan too; he now possesses the Penny Dreadful, the greatest of Dr. Simms\'92 work; the bulk of the Agency\'92s weapons and technology; the knowledge of how to create those enormous insect abominations; and an army of unliving cadavers.\
- What the Agency does not know: the clockwork cadavers are just a distraction. While they\'92re busy fending off the unliving clockwork army, the virus is being distributed across London via dirigible (releasing the disease in gaseous from above, like a crop duster)\
- Eventually, the Agents manage to stop Tidkins' army of cadavers, and find Tidkins, but it\'92s already too late. Already, he\'92s released the infectious gas over much of London.\
- As the book draws to a close, the Penny Dreadful floats above London; having taken some damage, its canvas is in tatters, and all that remains of its name is a single word. Dreadful.}