{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The dead girl was petite, which was lucky, because Mr. O insisted on taking her with them. He slung her over his broad, muscular shoulders, and seemed not to notice the additional weight. He hurried along the muddy banks of the river, his pace only slowed by the thick, slippery mud that lined the riverbank, and by his occasional need to take aim and dispatch an unliving creature that blocked his way.\
Miss Monday did her best to keep up, but even with the girl slung over his shoulder, she found it difficult to match the pace he had set, gaining ground only when he paused to shoot.\
Uncommonly deadly unliving men and women were armed varyingly, with guns, sharp blades, and armour attached to them like prosthetics. How they managed to operate the guns, Mr. O could only speculate, but he supposed that they were not actually controlling the weapons. The guns were made to fire by clockwork machines, and they were aimed by the unliving creatures\'92 hunger, which caused them to stare straight at Mr. O and Miss Monday.\
They stopped to kill only the ones that blocked their path, and the ones who carried firearms. The rest, they ignored, running past them, running from the riverbank to the city streets. There were too many to kill them all, and they were running low on ammunition. Already, Miss Monday had used up her supply of grenades.\
\'93Not bad,\'94 said Miss Monday, as Mr. O paused to shoot an unliving man, who fell to the ground with a thud. \'93For a man,\'94 she added.\
They drudged their way up the slopes of the river, away from the Thames and into the city. Eventually, they realised that they were no longer being followed by the mindless hordes of the unliving.\
They halted, out of breath, on a quiet street somewhere near the bridge.\
They took the time to stuff the girl into a duffel bag, lest some passerby happen upon them.\
Then, at last, Mr. O was free to wipe the sludge from his boots. It fell away in dried and damp clumps upon the street as he scraped his feet. Miss Monday followed suit, and when she\'92d removed the bulk of the weight from her boots, she cleaned them as best she could with Mr. O\'92s handkerchief.\
\'93Are you bitten?\'94 asked Mr. O, looking at her with concern.\
\'93I\'92m fine,\'94 she replied, still out of breath and somewhat shaken by their brush with death.\
\'93Let me see your arm,\'94 he persisted.\
\'93I said I\'92m fine.\'94\
\'93I must insist,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93I don\'92t wish to alarm you, but a bite from one of these creatures can be fatal. If your skin is punctured\'85\'94\
She looked up from her task of cleaning her boots, and fixed him with a deadly stare. \'93I\'92m. Fine.\'94\
Not being one to back down, he ignored the warning in her voice. \'93First rule. Do not let them bite you,\'94 he said, reminding her of their earlier conversation. \'93Now quit being stubborn and let me examine your arm.\'94\
\'93You ought to consider a new 
\i first rule
\i0 . Do not lose consciousness, perhaps?\'94\
\'93Yes, yes, very amusing,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93Now roll back your sleeve and let me see the damage. You know we may have to amputate.\'94\
Finally, Miss Monday relented. She began by peeling off her glove. \'93Little late for that,\'94 she said.\
\'93It may very well be,\'94 Mr. O retorted.\
Then she drew back her sleeve, and he fell silent.\
Mr. O stared at her quietly, as he suddenly understood her reluctance to allow him to examine her arm. As she\'92d said, there was no cause for concern about the bite. Though he\'92d regained consciousness just in time to see the creature bite down hard upon her arm, his concern had been for nothing.\
Her arm was a prosthetic. Like the clockwork eye she strapped to her face each morning, her arm was made of mechanical parts. Gears which clicked as she rotated her forearm, hydraulics which hissed as she flexed her artificial muscles. Gears clicked with the steady rhythm of a clock each time she rotated her wrist. Each joint bore a keyhole. The key she wore like a pendant around her neck looked to be a perfect fit. She must have wound up her arm like a music box.\
The arm was copper and brass and made with the extraordinary workmanship of her mechanical eye. It moved with quiet motions, even as the gears whirred and clicked. She demonstrated the dexterity in her hand by flexing each of her fingers in turn, clenching her hand into a fist.\
\'93See,\'94 she said, \'93No bite marks.\'94\
In awe, Mr. O reached out a hand to touch her arm.\
\'93You\'92ve already been slapped by a metal arm once today. Are you really so eager to repeat the experience?\'94\
He retracted his hand.\
\'93Sorry,\'94 he said. \'93It\'92s just\'85\'94\
\'93What?\'94 she said, covering up her arm again with her sleeve. \'93Freakish? Inhuman?\'94\
\'93Fascinating,\'94 he murmured. He was looking at her in a way that she found unsettling. Unsettling in that it was sincere, honest, and\'97dare she think it\'97affectionate.\
She blushed. No one had ever looked at her in this way, not after they\'92d seen her arm. Most men blanched at the sight of her eye, and the scar that ran down the length of her face. She was pretty, sure, but she was also disfigured. If the eye wasn\'92t enough to turn people away, her arm most certainly was.\
But Mr. O reached out, gently, and touched her cheek. She flushed, hot, and felt her heart flutter in her chest.\
\'93You\'92re not a freak,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93You\'92re extraordinary.\'94\
He put his hand against the back of her neck, leaned in close, and let his lips linger half an inch from hers.\
Almost against her will, she reached out in return, and pressed her brass hand against the back of his neck, pressed her body close to his, and pressed her lips against his. She felt too vulnerable, too exposed, with her arm uncovered like this. But there was also a joy in it; she felt like a bird being freed from its cage. All she had to do was take flight.\
Her breath caught in her throat, and she felt a warmth in her very bones, as he returned her kiss. Her heart pounded, and she felt her cheeks flush, red-hot. It started as a gentle kiss, his lips tenderly caressing hers, but it quickly gave way to passion and fire, and he kissed her roughly, grasping her by the back of the head tightly.\
Maddeningly, he suddenly pulled away from her, but then he leaned back in and began to plant kisses upon her neck, small wet pecks that moved their way up her neck and caused her to grasp the hair on the back of his neck and press herself as close to him as she could. She pressed her left hand against his hip, and she moaned softly as his teeth tugged at the lobe of her ear.\
He put his hand upon her arm. She couldn\'92t feel his hand there, not exactly, but she felt a slight pressure in her shoulder, where the prosthesis was affixed to her flesh. Suddenly, she drew away from him.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 she said. \'93I can\'92t\'85\'94\
\'93It\'92s fine,\'94 Mr. O tried to say, but Miss Monday was hardly listening.\
\'93No, really, I\'92m sorry,\'94 she said, flustered by her own impulsiveness, and still feeling naked with her glove stripped off. \'93How improper,\'94 she said, \'93I honestly don\'92t know what came over me. Really, I don\'92t even like you.\'94\
\'93Oh, that\'92s reassuring,\'94 he said angrily, though he was blushing from cheek to ear. \'93Anyway, it was my fault entirely. Forget it ever happened.\'94\
\'93I will then,\'94 she snapped.\
Just then, they heard the familiar clipping off a horse\'92s hooves upon the cobble street, and the roll of wheels upon stone, sparing them of the awkwardness that came after a passionate but inappropriate kiss.\
Miss Monday quickly slipped her glove back on her mechanical hand.\
\'93Sir?\'94 said the driver.}