{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A few moments passed in silence as they sipped their tea, Mr. O defiantly making a show of enjoying his own sour cup.\
"Why are you here, Mr. O?" she demanded at last, "What do you want from me?"\
Mr. O placed his empty mug on the tea tray. He sat thoughtfully in the chaise longue, looking as comfortable as can be. Finally, not exactly answering her question, he said, "How's business?"\
"I beg your pardon?"\
"Business," he said again, affecting a tone of genuine curiosity. "How do you enjoy the assassin business? And may I ask, what sort of fee are you charging for your services?"\
He glanced about her apartment, obviously noting her modest furnishings, the small size of the room, the lack of a piano and any other upper-class comforts. The inadequacy of her library. The fact that she had no servants and no husband.\
She knew that these things did not go unnoticed by her guest, but she also knew that she could afford them, if she wanted them. Well, perhaps not a husband. But still. She had no great need of money. Mostly, she did what she did for the thrill of it, and because she was very good at her job. The money was\'85well, it didn't hurt that she could earn more in one night than most men made in their entire lives. But she didn't need it, and she couldn't afford to spend much of it.\
"It takes a toll, does it not?" said Mr. O, interrupting her thoughts.\
"I'm sorry?" she said, snapping out of her reverie.\
"It takes a toll on your conscience," he said. "The killing, I mean. The thieving isn\'92t so bad, I\'92m sure, but you don\'92t strike me as a killer. It must be difficult for you.\'94\
\'93My conscience?\'94 she said. \'93I\'92m not sure I have one of those. Must have been absent when they were handing them out. And besides, as I told you, I\'92m not an assassin; I'm a thief."\
"Right," he said, as if he had just remembered this point. "Of course," he said, "You're not an assassin. But then sometimes, you do kill people, if you're asked to."\
\'93Most of them deserve it,\'94 she said bitterly.\
\'93And if the price is right, so much the better\'94 he pressed.\
She did not have to defend herself to this man she hardly knew. Who was he to judge? She should have just sent him on his way when he'd shown up at her door.\
She glared fiercely at him. The intensity of her gaze was often enough to make men recoil, but Mr. O seemed to take no notice of her anger. Or rather he was quite adept at ignoring it.\
\'93You think I\'92m in this business for the money?\'94 she asked, incredulous. She gestured around her apartment.\
\'93No. But it 
\i does
\i0  take a toll, does it not, Miss Monday?" he persisted. \'93Truly, I don't wish to cause you any offense, but you don\'92t really expect me to believe that you feel 
\i proud
\i0  of the work you do.\'94\
\'93Proud?\'94 she said, considering it. \'93No, not proud, exactly,\'94 she admitted. \'93Then again, I suppose, sometimes I do feel something a bit like pride,\'94 she said, thinking back to when she was a little girl, stealing only to survive. Taking money from the pockets of rich men when they weren\'92t looking, and only after she\'92d begged them for a penny so she could buy something to eat. The poor were starving in London while the rich grew ever richer. And fatter. And did nothing. \'93The gentlemen I\'92ve stolen from, Mr. O, are sufficiently rich that they hardly notice the absence of what I\'92ve stolen. I give most of my profits to the poor. And you think I should feel 
\i guilty
\i0 ?\'94\
\'93Yes, I see,\'94 said Mr. O, unconvincingly. He took a sip of tea, and grimaced. \'93You\'92re a modern day Robin Hood. But why not apply your skills to something just slightly less criminal?\'94\
Her glare softened, if only slightly.\
"I enjoy my work, Mister O,\'94 she said, \'93And I\'92m very good at it.\'94\
The implied threat was clear. Still, he managed to ignore it.\
\'93That you are good at your job, I do not doubt,\'94 he said. \'93But I don\'92t believe you enjoy your work. You merely enjoy the distraction it provides. You excel as a thief simply because you bore easily. But that\'92s not enough to assuage your guilt.\'94\
\'93Guilt shmilt,\'94 she said. \'93More tea?" she asked in the tone of voice she ordinarily reserved for men she intended to shoot dead.\
\'93No,\'94 he replied, obviously uninterested in the sort of tea she had on offer. \'93I can offer you a much better distraction than the one your current occupation provides. I can\'92t promise it will be any less dangerous, however.\'94\
She raised an eyebrow, suddenly curious, despite of her annoyance at his unrelenting arrogance.\
"I won't lie, Miss Monday. I was annoyed that you would leave me to deal with our dearly departed Lord Connor without your assistance," he said. He paused, as if he was expecting her to apologize. When she didn't, he added, "But I was also impressed."\
She straightened in her chair.\
"You demonstrated resourcefulness in surviving Lord Connor's attack, and resilience in recovering from it. You showed cunning, in deceiving me, and in devising an escape plan. You possess an incredibly unique skillset that I believe could be quite useful, if those skills could be employed for something more beneficial than stealing watches and taking lives."\
Another whir of pistons and gears as she rolled her eyes again.\
\'93Watches, Mr. O?" she said, "I'm not a pickpocket.\'94\
\'93God Almighty, woman, can\'92t you take a compliment?\'94\
\'93Not if it comes laden with insults.\'94\
\'93Whatever it is that you steal is of little interest to me," he said. "My point is that I'm not your enemy.\'94\
"Then what are you?" she said, pouring him another cup of tea, though he hadn't asked for one. She set out a few slices of lemon, but left him to squeeze them in his cup on his own this time.\
\'93Your prospective employer.\'94\
She laughed. So there it was. \'93So that's what this is about? You want to hire me?"\
He nodded.\
\'93To do what?" she asked, \'93Do the monsters you hunt keep a stash of valuable ancient artefacts you need me to steal? Or did you make up that monster hunter nonsense?\'94\
He shook his head. "I only wish that aspect of my life were a lie. You saw Lord Connor with your own eyes. You ought to know it isn\'92t nonsense,\'94 he said.\
\'93I saw him,\'94 she admitted, and her skin prickled with the recollection. \'93But I don\'92t believe in monsters, Mister O. Lord Connor was dreadfully sick. That is all.\'94\
He shrugged, as if to say that he did not believe her but that he didn\'92t wish to argue either.\
\'93Really?\'94 he said at last.\
\'93What else am I supposed to believe?\'94 she asked.\
He shrugged again. \'93Whatever you believe, I don't wish to hire you as a thief. As I said before, thievery is not your only skill.\'94\
She shook her head. \'93So what is it that you want me to do? You want me to come work for you killing these monstrous abominations that ought already to be dead. Am I understanding that correctly?"\
\'93For a woman, you'd be quite good at it,\'94 he assured her.\
"That's not the problem," she said, exasperated. \'93Also, for a woman?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 he said. \'93And what 
\i is
\i0  the problem?\'94\
\'93Let us pretend, for a moment, that these creatures, these monsters as you call them, are as you say. Monsters, and not merely men with a dreadful affliction. How do they come into being?\'94 she said, preferring to ask another question of her own than to answer his. \'93Lord Connor, for example, what happened to him?\'94\
The look in Mister O\'92s eyes slowly changed from that expression of smug indifference to one of sympathy, as he contemplated the question.\
\'93That\'92s a question we\'92ve gone to great lengths to investigate. We\'92re not entirely sure what causes it, but we do know what causes it to spread,\'94 he began. \'93Ordinarily, these creatures seek out the living; their bite is\'85infectious, for lack of a better word. Typically, if you should find one of these beings, you can be sure that others are nearby. Naturally, once they have been put down, you can generally expect to find bite marks somewhere on their bodies.\'94\
She nodded to show she was following him so far. \'93So that\'92s what happened to Connor?\'94 she asked.\
\'93No,\'94 said Mister O.\
\'93What?\'94 she said, startled.\
\'93Our quartermaster is still examining Lord Connor\'92s body,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93But so far, we have been unable to ascertain the cause of Lord Connor\'92s resurrection.\'94\
\'93Which means what?\'94 said Miss Monday, still somewhat stunned by this revelation.\
\'93I\'92m not sure,\'94 said Mister O, \'93But I do have some theories. I believe Lord Connor was created deliberately.\'94\
\'93Why would anybody create such a monster on purpose?\'94\
\'93In order to kill you,\'94 Mr. O replied.\
If he\'92d meant to shock her, he\'92d succeeded. She stared at him, utterly speechless, as she contemplated his speculation. If Connor\'92s monstrosity was deliberately caused by someone who wanted her dead, who could it be? Truth be told, she had no shortage of people who wanted to kill her, but surely there were easier, cleaner ways of killing someone, even if that someone is a highly trained assassin. No, Mr. O had to be wrong about this.\
\'93Are there a 
\i lot
\i0  of these creatures?" she asked, at last, shifting the topic of conversation just slightly.\
"More than you'd think,\'94 he said.\
"Then why\'85\'94 she began, not quite sure how to phrase the question. \'93Why don\'92t the newspapers report their nefarious activities? Why are there no societies dedicated to educating the citizens of London on the defence against these monstrous beasts?\'94 she said finally. \'93Should they not be public knowledge?\'94\
"No," he said simply.\
"How do you manage to keep them secret?\'94 she wanted to know.\
"That's part of our job as well.\'94\
"To keep people in the dark?" she asked.\
"For their own protection," he said, taken aback by the accusation in her voice.\
She snorted dismissively. "Mr. O, I thank you sincerely for this surprise visit. It has been most illuminating. Now, I'll thank you again for seeing yourself out."\
He stood up, somewhat deflated, from the chaise longue, and replaced his hat upon his head. He thanked her for the tea, and headed for the door.\
\'93Miss Monday,\'94 he said when he was at the door, \'93I feel it is my duty to let you know that your life is in danger.\'94\
\'93My life 
\i is
\i0  danger, Mr. O. Truly, your concern is touching. But I assure you, I can handle myself.\'94\
He sighed with a subtle shrug of his shoulders. This time, she couldn\'92t help but finding the gesture irritating, rather than charming.\
\'93Should you change your mind," he said, placing his card upon the credenza, "Feel free to call upon me at any time.\'94\
She slammed the door shut when he left. She leaned back against the door and listened to his footsteps as he departed.}