{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The tank was filled to the top with dark, murky water, completely sealed to prevent the creature within from escaping. Pressed against the glass was a set of lifeless, rotten fingers.\
The skin on those rough hands had begun to slough off and reveal its yellowed metacarpals. The creature\'92s naked, sinewy flesh had slowly begun to rot and fall away, filling the tank with drifting bits of rotten meat, like a macabre snow globe. Within a ribcage bare of flesh, was a heart turned black and gray by rot. Un-beating.\
But it was the creature\'92s face which truly filled Miss Monday with unshakeable terror, and from which she could not tear away her gaze.\
Its jaws, still gnashing, its yellowing teeth\'97most of which now lay on the floor of the tank\'97grinding against the glass walls as if to gnaw its way free, the creature stared at Miss Monday through the glass.\
She could see her own face, reflected in the glass, and knew that her expression was one of utter horror. But still, she stepped closer to the tank, looking in amazement and repulsion at the once-human thing that swam within the confines of its glass prison.\
Its nose, rotten so thoroughly that Miss Monday could see the wretched creature\'92s skull through its nostrils. Its ears, tattered and torn like scraps of old cloth. And its eyes, its dreadful eyes. White and lifeless, unblinking, as the creature moved its head to stare alternately at Mr. O and Miss Monday.\
\'93An experiment?\'94 she repeated, horrified, but managing to keep her voice calm.\
\'93We wanted to see if they could breathe underwater,\'94 he explained.\
\'93And?\'94\
\'93And it turns out they don\'92t 
\i need
\i0  to breathe,\'94 he said.\
She stepped back as the thing inside the tank moved its head and looked at her, unblinking.\
\'93These creatures are dead, Miss Monday,\'94 said Mr. O. The way he said it, it sounded almost like an apology. \'93I wasn\'92t lying when I told you I hunt monsters.\'94\
She shook her head in disgust as she forced herself to look away from the hideous creature in the tank, which had once been a man. It was pitiable, really, but she could not bring herself to feel pity. All she could feel, even as she turned away to stare at the bare wall on the other side of the room, shivering, was dread.}