{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 I regained consciousness somewhat gradually. I have hazy recollections of those few moments of semi-consciousness. Blurry memories of a brightly lit room. The distinctly muffled voices of the doctors.\
I remember being in a bed somewhere, twisting and turning as I woke. My head was pounding, and it was difficult to think.\
I remember seeing Jack\'97though it might just as well have been Dr. Karnstein. I could only see him with one eye, and his face was masked.\
I could hear his voice, too, but I could only make out some of the words. My ears felt like they were ringing, and they felt as if they\'92d been stuffed with cotton.\
\'93No, Camille,\'94 he said.\
I had no idea who Camille might have been, although looking back it seems obvious that this was Mircalla Karnstein\'92s real name.\
\'93We have to, Jack,\'94 she said in her thick French accent. \'93You know we have to.\'94\
I wondered at the use of his real name. 
\i I 
\i0 knew him as Jack, but I\'92d thought that Dr. Karnstein knew him as Anthony Tidkins.\
\'93No,\'94 Jack insisted. \'93We can fix her. It\'92s not too late, but we must act 
\i now
\i0 .\'94\
Whatever they said next, I cannot recall, but I do remember Dr. Karnstein asking about my eye.\
And I remember Anthony Tidkins\'92 reply. \'93I can fix that too. I can fix 
\i everything
\i0 .\'94\
The next time I awoke, I felt immediately as though something was different. There was pain, to be certain, but that was not the whole of it. The world looked different. It felt different. I could see details I\'92d never been able to see before. The precision of my eyesight was remarkable. I felt like a blind man being given a pair of spectacles for the first time.\
But as I blinked my eyes, I felt a knot in the pit of my stomach. I had the sudden recollection of a zombie digging its hands into my flesh and plucking my eye from its socket. There were no eyelashes upon my cheek when I blinked my eye. Instinctively I reached up with my arm to feel for what was wrong. That was when I saw my arm for the first time.\
It was not my arm, but the arm of a machine. Well, you\'92ve seen it, and you know what it looked like, so I won\'92t describe it to you again. But I will tell you that the shock I felt at seeing what had become of my arm and feeling what had become of my eye, was utterly horrifying.\
I stumbled out of bed, still unsteady on my feet, and sought out a looking glass. I found one, a small mirror that sat on the nightstand. I picked it up with my good arm and held it up to my face.\
I hardly recognized myself. My hair was knotted and disheveled, as if I\'92d been asleep for days. My face was bruised. And there was a bright pink gash that ran down my face, intersecting that foreign object that had replaced my eye.\
I reached up and explored the device with the fingers of my left hand. I was amazed that I could still see with both eyes. I could see better with that one eye than I could with the other. The effect was dizzying in its lack of familiarity. I felt my way around the device with my hand, searching for a latch or a button that would released the contraption from my face.\
Eventually I found one. There was a clicking sound and the hiss of air releasing. Instantly my vision changed. I could only see with my left eye now; I was at once relieved and disturbed by the sudden change.\
I felt nauseous. I began to remove the straps that kept the prosthesis in place. At last, I looked away. I could not yet bear to look at my face without at least something covering the gaping hole where my eye had been removed. There was searing pain when I moved my good eye to look away.\
And there was Jack, standing in the doorway.\
\'93How do you feel?\'94 he asked me.\
For a long time, I did not answer him. I thought the answer must have been obvious, anyway. I felt horrid. I\'92d lost one of my limbs. I\'92d lost my eye. And as I thought of those sick and wretched faces I\'92d cut down as they\'92d tried to devour me, I believed I\'92d also lost my soul.\
\'93You did remarkably well,\'94 he said.\
I snorted. If that were true, I thought, I would not have lost so much.\
\'93What have you done to me?\'94 I asked eventually.\
\'93I\'92ve saved your life,\'94 he said. And though I couldn\'92t see his face through his mask, I could tell he was smiling. It was in the tone of his voice. He was proud of what he\'92d done. Enthusiastic, even.\
Bitterly, I turned away from him.\
\'93What happened to Papa Doc?\'94 I said quietly.\
\'93You don\'92t recall?\'94 he asked.\
I didn\'92t answer. My memory was blank, but I did know what had happened to Papa Doc. I knew because I remembered planning it, before blanking out. Like a fallen angel, with my black wings, drenched in blood, I\'92d descended onto his balcony and broken into his home. I must have found my way into his bedroom, where he slept. And waking him by quietly calling his name, I must have placed the zombie upon his bed and let it crawl towards his face.\
After a while, I heard the sharp sound of Jack\'92s footsteps as he turned and walked down the hall, away from me.\
And for a long time, I did not see him again.}