{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Somehow during the telling of Ms. Monday\'92s story, they\'92d managed to polish off the entire bottle of wine. Still, after hearing it, Mr. O felt entirely sober.\
The time of Mrs. Grimmer\'92s appointment was imminent, but he was hardly paying attention to the clock.\
\'93So, what did happen to Papa Doc?\'94 he asked.\
Miss Monday drank the last sip of her glass of wine. \'93I suppose we\'92ll never know.\'94\
\'93Well, knowing you, I\'92d say there\'92s a very good chance you completed your mission,\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93Maybe,\'94 she replied with a smirk. Yes, even in her state of shock, there was still very little doubt that she\'92d seen her mission through to completion. She couldn\'92t say for certain, but she did know that Papa Doc hadn\'92t been heard from since.\
He stood up. He nearly turned back to his alcohol cupboard, but instead he picked up a pen from his desk. He twirled it through his fingers, just to keep his hands busy.\
\'93So, you knew? All this time, you knew about the unliving. Zombies, you called them, but they are clearly one and the same. Lord Connor was not the first one you faced.\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head.\
\'93No, he was not the first,\'94 she said. \'93But I never believed in them. I knew they were not healthy, nor sound of mind. I knew they were dangerous. But I always believed they were human.\'94\
\'93Hence your guilty conscience,\'94 Mr. O surmised.\
\'93Well, yes, I suppose I did feel a bit guilty,\'94 she admitted. \'93I mean, who wouldn\'92t? Who knows how many I slaughtered in that barn? And some of them women and children to boot. But honestly, I didn\'92t feel all that guilty, really. Sometimes I did, sure. But mostly, I felt angry. The world had taken something from me. And I felt I was owed something in return.\'94\
\'93The world takes something from all of us,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93Is there any man who 
\i hasn\'92t
\i0  felt that?\'94\
\'93What did the world take from you?\'94 Miss Monday asked.\
\'93My father.\'94\
 He reached for another sip of wine before he remembered it was all gone. Instead, he reached into his drawer and extracted a package of cigarettes.\
\'93Do you mind?\'94 he asked.\
Miss Monday shook her head, so he lit himself a cigarette and sucked on it. He exhaled a puff of smoke.\
\'93So that\'92s why you got so irate when I told you that part of my job is to keep the unliving a secret,\'94 he said.\
Miss Monday nodded. \'93If I\'92d been better prepared when I walked into that barn\'85\'94 she said and trailed off. \'93Do you really think Dr. Tidkins could be involved with whoever hired me?\'94\
Mr. O took another drag on his cigarette and exhaled slowly. \'93I\'92d say there\'92s a very good chance that Dr. Tidkins 
\i is
\i0  the man who hired you, wouldn\'92t you?\'94\
Miss Monday sat bolt upright at that.\
\'93Well, consider first Dr. Tidkins' rare knowledge of theLazarus Virus, in addition to the fact that he is familiar with you and your work, and the fact that you have not met your client face to face, nor have you seen Dr. Tidkins' face. And of course there is the unsettling way in which the unliving men have been surgically enhanced by devices not unlike your own prosthetic eye and arm. I\'92d say Dr. Tidkins is our chief suspect.\'94\
\'93Or rather our only suspect,\'94 said Miss Monday.\
\'93Yes, there is that,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93Of course, if it was indeed Dr. Tidkins, I may have to amend my initial assessment. Dr. Tidkins would not have tried to kill you using a zombie to do the job. He would have known you would easily survive the attack. But he might have tried to use Lord Connor to kill 
\i me
\i0 .\'94\
\'93But why would he want to kill you?\'94\
Mr. O paused to think, but it only took him a moment. \'93I mentioned this theory before,\'94 he began. \'93As I\'92ve been saying, 
\i anyone
\i0  who knows about the unliving may be in danger. Lord Connor has already been eliminated. Some of my other Agents\'85well, let\'92s just say they\'92ve not all returned from their missions. And then there are the several attempts on our lives.\'94\
\'93Not very good ones,\'94 she replied.\
\'93Yes, well. You\'92re more difficult to kill than you look, aren\'92t you?\'94 he said, smoking his cigarette with obvious relish. He puffed out a few rings of smoke. \'93As am I. Though I imagine the next attempt on our lives will not be so half-hearted as the last. Something big is coming. I can feel it. I have fewer Agents than ever before, and the dead are rising in greater and greater numbers, equipped with weapons the likes of which we have never seen. The Society of Immortals is planning something, I don\'92t know what, but I can\'92t imagine it doing any good. We must be prepared for any eventuality, Miss Monday.\'94\
She offered up an indifferent shrug of her shoulders. \'93I\'92m always prepared.\'94\
\'93There\'92s one more thing,\'94 he began. Just then, there was a knock on the door. He sighed. \'93I suppose it will have to wait.\'94}