{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi366\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Mrs. Grimmer had a knack for annoyingly flawless punctuality. The knock that came at the door coincided perfectly with the chime of the clock.   A moment later, the door creaked open. Mrs. Hallward peaked her head in.\
\'93Mrs. Grimmer is here to see you.\'94\
After a smile and a nod by way of response from Mr. O, Mrs. Hallward returned her attention to the Financier.\
\'93Mr. O will see you now.\'94\
The door swung open to its full extent and revealed the familiar, yet imposing figure of Mrs. Grimmer. Grandness of stature was obviously a family trait; Mrs. Grimmer could in no way at all possible be considered small, especially for a lady. Even compared to her son, she seemed a bit of a giant.\
The swish of fabric and the jangle of jewelry as Mrs. Grimmer shuffled into the room, her excessively large bustle just barely squeezing through the narrow threshold of the door, drowned out all other sound.\
\'93Miss Monday,\'94 she said politely with a nod.\
Miss Monday nodded politely back.\
\'93Miss Monday, if it\'92s not too much of an inconvenience, I wonder if I could trouble you to take our friend\'97\'94 Mr. O gestured at the black duffle bag that lay on the floor, its unpleasant odour still filling the room, \'93To the quartermaster\'92s office. You\'92ll find it just to the right of the first laboratory, down the hall. Mrs. Hallward will be happy to assist you, should you have any trouble.\'94\
\'93I suppose I could manage that,\'94 said Miss Monday, standing up. She grabbed the bag, and rather than picking it up, began to drag it across the floor.\
\'93I cannot thank you enough,\'94 said Mr. O.\
She dragged the body bag out of the room, closing the door on her way out, probably relieved not to have to sit in on the meeting.\
Once Miss Monday was gone from the room, Mrs. Grimmer took a seat in front of Mr. O\'92s desk, and folded her hands on top of her lap.\
\'93I have decided to continue funding the Agency,\'94 she announced.\
\'93Oh, thank God,\'94 Mr. O said, letting out a breath he hadn\'92t realized he\'92d been holding.\
\'93I\'92m not quite sure what He has to do with it,\'94 said Mrs. Grimmer, \'93You ought to be thanking the Queen.\'94\
\'93The Queen of England?\'94 Mr. O asked, surprised.\
\'93No, the Queen of Sheba,\'94 Mrs. Grimmer snapped, \'93Yes, the Queen of England. I was recently invited to tea with Her Majesty, during which occasion she impressed upon me the importance of this organisation and its continued secrecy. If, as has been proposed, the Agency\'92s funding were to be taken over by the Crown, it would necessarily become public knowledge, in which case its mission would be compromised.\'94\
\'93Indeed,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93As I\'92ve said before, the Lazarus Virus 
\i must 
\i0 not become public knowledge, lest it fall into the wrong hands and become weaponized. Imagine: a weapon like that in the hands of the enemies of England. Speaking of which, I have reason to believe\'97\'94\
Mrs. Grimmer shrugged as she cut him off mid-sentence. \'93Quite honestly, I could care less about any of that. I do wish to remain in favour with Our Majesty, however, so the funding is yours. On one condition, that is.\'94\
There was always a catch. \'93Let\'92s hear it,\'94 he said.\
She pushed an envelope across his desk.\
\'93What\'92s this?\'94 he asked. His words came out as a complaint.\
\'93It\'92s an envelope,\'94 she replied.\
Mr. O held back a sigh. He breathed deeply in an attempt to keep his mounting frustration at bay. \'93Yes, mother,\'94 he said, \'93I can see that it\'92s an envelope. My question pertained more to the point of the contents therein.\'94\
He retrieved a letter opener from the top drawer of his desk, slit the envelope, and extracted a folded sheet of paper. He skimmed through the contents of the letter, his face creasing expressively as he read. Once he\'92d read it through, he looked up and met his mother\'92s eyes. Then he read through it once again in its entirety.\
Mrs. Grimmer sat patiently while he read, and when he was finished, he nodded, stood up, and followed his mother out of the room.}