{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Miss Monday stood with her back to the door. She could hear the muffled voices of Mrs. Grimmer and Mr. O from within, but she couldn\'92t make out what they were saying. The door was too thick.\
Finally, she looked up at Mrs. Hallward\'97or Miss Thompson. Had her life always been so strange? These days it seemed that every name she knew was pseudonym.\
\'93Miss Thompson,\'94 she said.\
\'93Miss Gray,\'94 her neighbour replied.\
They simply stared at one another for a while. It was strange, seeing her in this light. She had grown so accustomed to that other version of her, that pretty, friendly lady of the night, with whom she\'92d so often stopped on her way out the door to gossip and chat about mundane things like the weather, gentlemen, and social gatherings. And now, she had to wonder if that had all been a lie.\
\'93So, you work for Mr. O?\'94 she said.\
Mrs. Hallward looked at her helplessly.\
\'93Is that how he knew where to find me?\'94 Miss Monday asked. \'93Were you even my neighbour?\'94 she wondered, \'93Or were you simply 
\i planted
\i0  there to keep an eye on me? How long has the Agency been tracking me?\'94\
\'93No, no, that isn\'92t it at all,\'94 Mrs. Hallward insisted, \'93I truly was your neighbour. When Mr. O came looking for you, he knocked first at my door. I was quite surprised to see him, and he was likewise surprised to see me. It was coincidence, nothing else.\'94\
\'93Coincidence,\'94 Miss Monday snorted. \'93So, I take it you\'92re not really a prostitute?\'94\
\'93No,\'94 she replied. \'93Not really.\'94\
\'93So which is your real name? Thompson or Hallward?\'94\
\'93Thompson,\'94 she said, \'93But I\'92ll thank you to call me Mrs. Hallward so long as we\'92re at the Agency.\'94\
\'93I can manage that,\'94 Miss Monday grumbled.\
She wasn\'92t sure why she was angry, or why she was taking it out on Mrs. Hallward. Maybe she was just tired of all the secrets. All the false identities. All the lies. The conspiracies. The spying. The plotting. In her world of secrets and lies, Miss Thompson had seemed so straight forward, so mundane. And now, even she was not as straight forward as she\'92d seemed. Then again, perhaps she was just angry that she\'92d been fooled by Miss Thompson's secret identity.\
\'93Help me with this cadaver, would you?\'94}