{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 As the two women made their way along the hall, carrying the body of a dead prostitute in a bag, Miss Monday\'92s attention was stolen by the nameplates on the doors. She nearly dropped the body bag. Instead, she asked the other woman for a brief respite, and lowered the body to the floor.\
Already beginning to work up a bit of a sweat, Miss Monday gestured to one of the plaques on the door.\
\'93Abraham Palmer?\'94 she read.\
\'93Oh, you\'92ll meet him,\'94 said Mrs. Hallward.\
\'93Where is he now?\'94\
\'93On patrol,\'94 she replied. \'93Slaying the unliving,\'94 she clarified.\
Miss Monday nodded. She pointed at another door.\
\'93Bartholomew White? Another agent.\'94\
\'93Yes, that\'92s right. Is there a reason you\'92re asking about him and Mr. Palmer?\'94 she asked. \'93A mere curiosity, or\'85?\'94\
Miss Monday gestured again to the body bag. Mrs. Hallward took hold of a pair of straps on her end, and Miss Monday did the same. They hoisted it up and began to haul it down the hall.\
\'93It just seems to me that an operation of this magnitude would require a lot more in terms of personnel. The Agency can\'92t possibly be handled by Mr. O, Mr. Palmer, and Mr. White alone, can it? It seems strange that I\'92ve yet to meet any of the Agents, other than Mr. O.\'94\
Miss Monday suppressed a shudder as they walked past the clinically titled Laboratory A. They rounded the corner of the hallway. More offices lined this section of the hallway as well. More nameplates nailed to more doors. Mrs. Hallward hesitated to answer, acting as if it was just that she was distracted by the weight of the cadaver.\
\'93It\'92s a dangerous job,\'94 she said at last.\
\'93You mean to say that some of the agents have died.\'94\
Mrs. Hallward nodded.\
\'93Recently?\'94 Miss Monday asked.\
Mrs. Hallward confirmed with another nod. \'93The rest of the agents\'97I\'92m sure you\'92ll meet some of them, eventually\'97have been pulling double duty. There are fewer agents than ever, and the unliving seem to keep piling up.\'94\
\'93Piling up,\'94 Miss Monday laughed dryly. \'93An appropriate way to describe it.\'94\
They set the body bag down on the floor. They had arrived at a set of double doors, which distinguished this office from the rest. It was also the only office on the right side of the hall.\
The plate on the door indicated that this was the workshop of Dr. Simms, Quartermaster.\
\'93So, will you be joining the Agency?\'94 Mrs. Hallward asked.\
\'93For now,\'94 Miss Monday replied. \'93I\'92m not sure what Mr. O has told you about my work, but I have a decision to make, and I cannot make that decision uninformed. Mr. O believes we\'92ll soon have the information I need. I\'92ve given him three days.\'94\
Mrs. Hallward gave a tentative nod. Miss Monday couldn\'92t be sure how much of that her neighbour had understood, but she was not about to go into a longer explanation of her work. Mrs. Hallward knocked on the door.\
At first, there was no response from within. Miss Monday began to wonder if perhaps the Quartermaster had stepped out. She was about to say as much to Mrs. Hallward, when at last she heard the sound of approaching footsteps. Then the sound of a latch turning. The door swung inward.\
Miss Monday wasn\'92t quite sure what she\'92d been expecting, but she was surprised to see such an ancient-looking gentleman looking up at her with a monocle perched upon his wrinkled face. He was short in stature, and his spine was bent with age, so that he seemed to be stooped over. He walked with a cane.\
A frosty white moustache covered his lips; it twitched when he spoke. \'93Yes?\'94 he said, looking up at Miss Monday.\
His bushy eyebrows wiggled curiously as he frowned. It seemed to Miss Monday that he was trying to determine if he ought to recognise her or not. Or maybe he was trying to get a better look at her visual prosthesis. Clearly he was struggling with his vision and his memory in his old age. She decided to spare him the trouble.\
\'93Miss Monday, sir,\'94 she said. \'93Mr. O asked us to bring you this cadaver.\'94\
\'93A cadaver!\'94 he exclaimed, his eyes lighting up. \'93How wonderful!\'94\
He seemed almost to dance, as he beckoned the ladies to enter the workshop. \'93Lovely, lovely,\'94 he muttered. \'93Well, perhaps lovely is the wrong word. Not that cadavers are lovely, but, well, every cadaver is an opportunity, as I always say.\'94\
Miss Monday managed, with Mrs. Hallward\'92s assistance, to bring the body into the workshop, where Dr. Simms directed them to a cluttered table in the midst of a cluttered room.\
\'93Boy!\'94 he called.\
Apparently the room was much bigger than Miss Monday had initially assumed, for the voice that answered him seemed to come from way off in the distance, somewhere well beyond that enormous pile of wood and scrap metal that she\'92d mistaken for a wall.\
\'93Coming, sir!\'94 the voice called back.\
While he waited, the old man began to clear away the table, lifting piles of books and boxes and carrying them over to a shelf nearby. Miss Monday reached out to help with the task, but Mrs. Hallward grabbed her by the shoulder and held her back.\
\'93Better not,\'94 she said.\
A moment later, she understood why. Some of the objects on the table were undoubtably weapons of some kind. A flash of electricity sparked when he touched one of them.\
He was still in the process of clearing the table when the boy appeared, ducking beneath a curtain that hung from a rusted pipe on the ceiling.\
\'93My assistant,\'94 he said by way of introduction. Then, turning to the young lad, he added, \'93We\'92ve got a body,\'94 as if that was instruction enough.\
Apparently it was. The boy set immediately to work, finishing clearing the table, and finally, helping Miss Monday to lift the cadaver onto the table. He opened the bag, letting the terrible odour of the corpse into the air. He rolled the body out of the bag so that she lay, naked, stinking, upon the table.\
\'93Wonderful,\'94 the Quartermaster exclaimed, clasping his hands together with delight.\
Then his eyes fell upon the clockwork contraption that was attached to her chest, and his eyes widened. His brow raised.\
\'93Spectacles,\'94 he said, removing the monocle from his eye, and holding it out to his assistant.\
A moment later, he had a pair of glasses in hand, and he was raising them to his face.\
\'93Cheap piece of junk,\'94 he complained about the monocle. \'93Can\'92t see a damned thing.\'94\
Miss Monday wondered why he'd bothered to put it on in the first place, but he fell silent as he regained his sight and resumed his examination of the cadaver upon the table. With hands unsteadied by palsy, he reached out and took hold of the brass contraption. As if he\'92d used this device before, he pressed down hard upon a bar that protruded from its centre, and they heard a pneumatic hiss. Then a click.\
He removed his hands, but he\'92d set the device in motion. It bent and unfolded like an accordion, its gears turning and its screws rotating. With a wet plop, it released its attachments to the woman\'92s chest. Suddenly and without warning, the device closed in on itself, hard and fast, like a bear trap. Finally, it settled, motionless and wet with blood, within the woman\'92s hollowed chest, which slowly began to deflate like a punctured balloon or a wilting flower.\
\'93What is it?\'94 asked the old man\'92s assistant.\
\'93It\'92s a recording device,\'94 said the Quartermaster, still staring at the device. \'93I imagine that whoever planted it in her had hoped to later retrieve it. Who ever thought of using the unliving for reconnaissance?\'94 he muttered.\
\'93Reconnaissance, sir?\'94 said the assistant.\
\'93Yes. This girl was a spy,\'94 he said, pointing at the dead girl on the slab.\
Finally, he looked up. He did a double take when he saw Miss Monday standing before him. It was as if he was seeing her for the first time. His eyes went straight to her prosthesis. They turned back to the device in the dead girls chest, then back to Miss Monday again. He lifted a hand, as if to reach out and probe her clockwork eye, but lowered it without actually doing so.\
\'93Who are you?\'94 he said in a whisper. His voice sounded almost angry.\
Miss Monday took a step back, startled by the sudden change in his demeanour.\
\'93Where did you get that?\'94 he demanded. \'93Where did you get that eye?\'94}