{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Mrs. Grimmer left him at the door to the Quartermaster\'92s workshop. Other things to do, she said. He indicated his indifference with a shrug.\
\'93One more thing though,\'94 she said.\
He nodded and inclined his face to look up at her.\
\'93Several of your agents,\'94 she began. Mr. O braced himself for the news. He knew what she was going to say. \'93Several 
\i more
\i0  of your agents are missing in action. Presumed dead. R\'e9my Mills. Bartholomew White.\'94\
He nodded grimly and pushed open the right-side door of the workshop. He forced a smile.\
\'93I see you\'92ve met Dr. Simms,\'94 said Mr. O, cutting the obvious tension in the room.\
\'93Yes,\'94 Miss Monday snapped. \'93The old man was just interrogating me about my prosthetic eye.\'94\
\'93Old man, you call me?\'94 Dr. Simms protested. \'93Youth these days,\'94 he grumbled. \'93No respect for their betters.\'94\
\'93Betters? My left tit!\'94 Miss Monday exclaimed, to the doctor\'92s astonishment.\
\'93Where 
\i does
\i0  she get such colourful expressions?\'94 Mr. O said with an awkward laugh, as if Miss Monday were a badly trained puppy.\
\'93Well, I was raised by time travellers,\'94 she said with no humour in her voice.\
On that note, Mrs. Hallward, gave an awkward curtsey, and hurriedly took her leave. Mr. O couldn\'92t say he blamed her. Dr. Simms\'92 utter lack of manners was enough to put anyone at unease, and Miss Monday\'92s defensive personality could be equally abrasive. Clearly, this was his own fault; not wise to introduce gasoline to matches.\
\'93Dr. Simms,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93Surely, you have some reason for questioning my 
\i guest 
\i0 regarding a subject of such sensitivity?\'94 He emphasized each word in the sentence as if to remind Dr. Simms of his lapse in etiquette.\
Not paying any heed to the reprimand, he grumbled his reply, shaking a finger at Miss Monday. \'93This loathsome woman,\'94 he began, staring daggers at her, \'93Wears a device manufactured by the same diabolical villain who made this.\'94\
He reached into the chest of the dead girl on the table and retrieved the device. About the size of a melon, it was covered in dried blood and was made almost entirely of brass, though it had tubes and wires along its sides.\
\'93What is the meaning of this?\'94 he demanded, staring intently at Mr. O. \'93Do you know what this is? This is a device of espionage. Able to record conversations and play them back at a later time.\'94\
\'93What are you implying, Old Man?\'94 said Miss Monday, folding her arms across her chest. \'93That I\'92m a spy?\'94\
\'93I\'92m not
\i  implying
\i0  anything.\'94\
\'93Stop it, both of you,\'94 said Mr. O.\
Miss Monday closed her mouth, but still she glared at Dr. Simms, he frowned back at her unapologetically.\
\'93Are you certain that both these devices were made by the same man?\'94 he asked, indicating both Miss Monday\'92s eye and the device Dr. Simms had retrieved from the unliving girl.\
\'93Without a doubt,\'94 said Dr. Simms, looking only at Mr. O. \'93I recognise the craftsmanship. They were both made by my predecessor. Dr. Tidkins.\'94\
Mr. O winced at the mention of his name. Miss Monday rounded on him. Her fury turned from Dr. Simms to Mr. O. Suddenly, she was in his face. \'93Did he just say Dr. Tidkins was his predecessor?\'94\
\'93Uh, well, er, yes,\'94 he stammered.\
\'93Ah, well, I suppose you simply forgot to mention that little fact?\'94\
\'93I meant to tell you,\'94 he protested. \'93But my mother interrupted our conversation. Yes, Dr. Tidkins worked for the Agency. Briefly. Then one day he disappeared without a word. That was when I hired Dr. Simms.\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head in disbelief. \'93I don\'92t suppose you ever saw his face, or learned his real name?\'94 she asked.\
Mr. O shook his head. \'93He wore the mask.\'94\
\'93And that didn\'92t strike you as odd?\'94\
\'93Odd, yes,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93But odd isn\'92t always bad, is it? Dr. Tidkins was brilliant. His work here was invaluable. He was on the verge of finding an antiserum. We were willing to overlook the oddity of a man in a mask if it meant there might be an end to the unliving plague.\'94\
Miss Monday sighed. Of course she could not argue that. She knew how valuable a cure might be. And how could she fault Mr. O for putting his trust in Dr. Tidkins? She\'92d once put her trust in the same man.\
\'93Not to mention, he had an excellent mind for machinery,\'94 Mr. O was saying. \'93We still have those Icarus wings you mentioned. They\'92re lying around here somewhere.\'94\
\'93Is that possible?\'94 she wondered, ignoring the slight change in topic. \'93An antiserum?\'94\
\'93He believed that the secret to the cure was in the blood of corvine birds, which seemed to be immune to the virus,\'94 said the Quartermaster.\
\'93Corvine birds?\'94 she said, exchanging a look with Mr. O. \'93Crows, you mean?\'94\
She was finally beginning to form a picture in her head, finally beginning to understand Mr. O\'92s theory. \'93Sounds like Dr. Tidkins all over. He and Dr. Karnstein were obviously studying the unliving. So after our mission in Haiti, Dr. Tidkins came here to work for you, putting his own knowledge together with that of the Agency, and used what he knew to begin working on an antiserum.\'94\
Mr. O nodded, confirming that they were on the same page. Until now, she\'92d just been working off of theories and ideas. But this last piece of the puzzle somehow made those theories tangible.\
She stared down at her arm, though its mechanical parts were covered in the fabric of her sleeve. She felt betrayed by her own arm. Her own eye. She wondered if she would still have wanted the prosthetic if she\'92d known what dark intentions lurked within the mind that had created it.\
\'93The Society of Immortals,\'94 she muttered, almost to herself. \'93A secret collective of scientists who claimed they could bring the dead back to life. Dr. Tidkins and Lord Connor were members. Perhaps Dr. Karnstein as well. So they joined, or formed a secret society with the intention of studying the unliving, hoping to find a cure. Systematically eliminating anyone who might interfere with their goals, whatever those might be\'85\'94 Her speech trailed away as the last few pieces finally fell into place. \'93No,\'94 she said. \'93We 
\i can
\i0  guess at their goals. They were working on the cure, which means\'85\'94\
\'93They plan to unleash the disease. And sell the cure,\'94 said Mr. O, nodding. There was a smile upon his lips, an expression that suggested he was amused\'97no, impressed\'97that she had figured it out. Which annoyed her to no end. How long had he already known what she had only just figured out? How many other pieces of the puzzle was he still keeping from her?\
\'93There are still so many unknowns. And you\'92re still keeping things from me,\'94 she complained. \'93So, let me ask you. Evidently, whatever was in Lord Connor\'92s safe\'97before he moved it, I mean\'97is important to Dr. Tidkins' cause. So what was it, do you suppose? The antiserum he was developing, perhaps, smuggled out of his old laboratory?\'94\
\'93Not likely,\'94 said Dr. Simms. \'93He would have had that already. No, it\'92s something else.\'94\
\'93The virus itself?\'94 she asked.\
Dr. Simms looked at her as if she\'92d just sprouted a third arm. \'93As you can bloody well 
\i see
\i0 , he has that already, as well.\'94 He gestured at the unliving girl\'92s body as evidence. \'93I suppose we won\'92t know unless we track down the package. But perhaps a more thorough examination of the girl\'92s body will provide some fresh insight. In the meantime, Mr. O, I believe Mrs. Grimmer has apprised you of the other situation?\'94\

\i Other
\i0  situation? As if the one situation wasn\'92t enough.\
\'93Right,\'94 said Mr. O. As if reading her mind, he turned to Miss Monday. \'93Another mission,\'94 he explained.\
\'93Of course,\'94 she said, barely disguising her annoyance. \'93Not as though we\'92re in the midst of saving London from its potential destruction at the hands of a collective of mad scientists with the means of creating unliving monsters.\'94\
\'93This is important,\'94 he said. \'93And it may be relevant. In any case, we\'92re waiting on Dr. Simms\'92 examination. Might as well make the most of our time while we wait.\'94\
She pursed her lips doubtfully.\
\'93Also,\'94 he continued, \'93I will likely require your assistance. Would you mind terribly\'97\'94\
Unbelievable, she thought, crossing her arms and frowning bitterly. \'93Not a problem,\'94 she interrupted. \'93Not as though I\'92ve got anything better to do.\'94\
\'93Excellent,\'94 said Mr. O, ignoring her sarcasm. \'93Dr. Simms?\'94\
\'93Ah, yes,\'94 said the Quartermaster. \'93I think you\'92re going to enjoy this one.\'94}