{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Have you ever heard of a man named Leonardo da Vinci?\'94 asked the Quartermaster.\
Mr. O answered the question with a deadpan stare.\
\'93Right,\'94 said the Quartermaster, after a while, \'93Of course you have. Well, perhaps then you\'92ve also heard of some of his inventions, eh? The Aerial Screw?\'94\
Mr. O shook his head. Truth be told, he was more familiar with da Vinci\'92s artwork than his inventions.\
Taking that as a sign for him to continue, the Quartermaster elaborated, \'93It was an early prototype for a flying machine\'97a sort of helicopter. Of course, da Vinci was ahead of his time. The world was not ready for such a device. Not yet. Now, at last, we are in the Age of Invention. We are at the height of technology. The Steam Era. The Turn of the Century. Things are different now.\'94\
Miss Monday\'92s curiosity had gotten the better of her. \'93You\'92re saying\'85?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said the old man, removing his spectacles. He retrieved a pair of pilot\'92s goggles from a hook on the wall and placed them on his head.\
\'93You\'92ve built it?\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93Indeed,\'94 he muttered, as his attention wandered. He returned his attention to his workshop.\
\'93May I see it?\'94 Mr. O asked.\
\'93See what?\'94 said the Quartermaster, seemingly startled by Mr. O and Miss Monday\'92s presence.\
\'93The helicopter, obviously,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93We would like to see it.\'94\
At that, the old man turned away from his workshop and came walking back toward Mr. O, brows furrowed.\
\'93A helicopter?\'94 he exclaimed. \'93Are you mad? It cannot be done.\'94\
\'93But you just said\'85the Aerial Screw? You said you\'92d built it.\'94\
\'93I know what I said, boy. Don\'92t put words in my mouth.\'94\
\'93But\'85\'94 Mr. O stammered.\
\'93We haven\'92t built a helicopter, you Ninnyhammer. Get that through your dense skull, man. Now, what we have built is nonetheless quite impressive, I think you\'92ll find.\'94\
\'93Yes?\'94 said Mr. O, somehow managing not to react to the old man\'92s belligerent manners. Miss Monday caught his attention. Knowingly, he nodded, gesturing for her to lean in so he could mutter an explanation beneath his breath. \'93Dr. Simms is quite brilliant. Unfortunately, he\'92s also\'85\'94\
\'93Senile?\'94 she whispered.\
\'93Well, no. He\'92s just addicted to opium. His mind is a bit addled.\'94\
\'93Oh, is that all?\'94\
\'93Ah, yes,\'94 said the Quartermaster, apparently not having heard their whispered conversation. He beckoned to Mr. O and Miss Monday to follow him into the workshop. Miss Monday lagged a bit behind, not altogether reassured by Mr. O's explanation.\
The old man led the way through piles of assorted and dust-coated tools: gimcracks and gewgaws the functions of which Mr. O had only the faintest idea. The old man paused to pick up a lantern.\
Despite his age and addled brains, the old man moved quickly.\
At the back of the workshop, his assistant had disappeared unnoticed and was standing next to what must have been covering the invention to which the Quartermaster had alluded. Not a helicopter, perhaps, but judging by its size, it must have been at least as grand. It was bound with broad sheets of canvas, but the boy was working at untying the set of ropes, which kept the canvas in place.\
The old man hoisted the lantern high enough to cast an amber glow on the machine as the boy unveiled it, one sheet of canvas at a time.\
Mr. O\'92s breath caught in his throat. It was incredible.\
It reminded him of his other airship, and truly its design was not so very different. But it was much, much larger than any airship he\'92d ever seen. It had four individual ballonets encased in a long canvas envelope, the Quartermaster explained. And it had huge leather wings attached to its sides\'97wings that looked like fins. It also had a tail at the rear like that of a whale, and it bore a sail mounted on its spine like a dorsal fin, so that it had the appearance of a flight-capable whale.\
Affixed to its underbelly were wooden beams and ropes which connected the inflated canvas whale to the ship\'92s gondola, which would house the crew and the ship\'92s artillery; despite the whimsical nature of an airborne whale, there was no question that this was a war vessel.\
In keeping with the nautical theme, the gondola had the appearance of a sailing vessel, complete with a steering wheel at its prow, and cannons along the gunwales. Levers and gears, pistons and other mechanism fulfilled other functions that Mr. O could scarcely guess at, but there were guns mounted nearly everywhere aboard the ship and he knew exactly how those functioned.\
He was eager for the full tour, but for the moment, he was content to wander along the ship's length, asking questions of the Quartmaster as he went. He had to crane his head to get a good look at it, such was its size. The boat\'97or gondola, as the Quartermaster continued to call it\'97must have been at least two stories tall, as the sail on top of the balloon scraped along the high ceiling.\
Clearly, the old man had not been alone in its construction, a thought that irked him. So much for the clandestine operations of the Agency, which, he considered, was supposedly scraping the bottom of their piggy bank. Yet his mother was content to hire a crew to build this extravagance. Well, that was mother for you, he thought. How in the hell were they going to get this ship 
\i out
\i0  of the building, he also wondered.\
Very little of the ship's deck remained unused. Most of its vast space was occupied by the crew cabin, and the engineer's cabin at the rear, both of which were enclosed.\
Tall, wide windows lined the front of the cabin, as well as the bridge. There were portholes along the sides of the ship. The captain\'92s nook, at the helm of the ship, would face the open air, with only a railing along the sides to prevent the captain from falling. Of course, there were ropes that he could use to lash himself into place if flying at full speed. Of course, if he prefered, the ship could also be operated almost entirely from within the safety of the ship's bridge.\
"Captain Merrick, however, prefers to fly topside," said the Quartermaster.\
So, apparently this was not to be the airship's maiden voyage, Mr. O thought with barely disguised annoyance. He hated being the last to know things.\
Beneath the ship were three retractable sails, which when used with proper sailing techniques, would provide both lift and power to the ship and carry it to great lengths and heights.\
Both the gondola and the balloon were plated in what the old man described as \'93armour.\'94\
\'93Armour?\'94 asked Mr. O.\
\'93The ballonets are filled with hydrogen gas,\'94 explained Dr. Simms, \'93Which keeps it aloft and also maintains the structural integrity of the balloon. Therein lies the danger; hydrogen is extremely flammable, hence the armour. So of course, you\'92ll have to refrain from smoking.\'94\
\'93Very well,\'94 said Mr. O.\
The old man frowned, \'93That goes for your crew, as well. I can\'92t stress enough just how flammable this gas is. I should mention, the armour will provide only minimal protection from stray bullets, should you run into any trouble.\'94\
\'93Bullets?\'94 said Miss Monday. "Why should there be bullets?"\
Dr. Simms looked at her as if he\'92d forgotten she was in the room, snorted, and returned his attention to Mr. O.\
\'93If you\'92re taking heavy fire, simply raise the safety shields. They\'92ll slow you down a bit, as the shields do prevent the use of the sails and wings along the balloon, but I\'92m sure that\'92s preferable to going down in flames. I\'92ve already provided instructions to your crew.\'94\
\'93Duly noted,\'94 Mr. O said, but he was hardly listening. His eyes were still poring over the airship. A name had been painted on the balloon in a bright red circus style font. The name seemed appropriate with the exception of the implication of its being inexpensive.\

\i The Penny Dreadful.
\i0 \
He looked at Miss Monday and noted that she was still staring with equal fascination at the vessel. Though she had previously traveled by airship, this vessel was clearly more impressive than the one in which she\'92d travelled with Dr. Tidkins in Haiti. And indeed, it was more impressive than Mr. O\'92s previous airship.\
\'93Your other airship didn\'92t attract enough attention? I thought this was supposed to be a clandestine operation. Or have you decided to let everyone in London know about the unliving?\'94\
Apparently he\'92d mistaken exasperation for fascination.\
Mr. O shook his head, marvelling at the invention, and at last regained the power of speech. \'93I was unaware this dirigible had been commissioned.\'94\
\'93Really?\'94 she replied with heavy sarcasm. \'93How is that possible?\'94\
\'93If I had to guess, I\'92d say my mother commissioned it. And to think, I was stressing over whether or not she\'92d continue funding us. She never was planning to cut funding, was she?\'94\
Ignoring the question entirely, the Quartermaster replied, \'93What do you think of her, sir?\'94\
\'93I\'92ve only got one question.\'94\
\'93Yes sir.\'94\
\'93Is she ready to fly?\'94 Mr. O asked.\
\'93Yes, sir.\'94}