{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi359\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 It took some time aboard The Penny Dreadful for Jonathan\'92s nervousness to entirely abate. Once he got used to the turbulence and to the ease with which Captain Merrick handled the ship, his nerves began to settle, this being helped by the vehicle\'92s well-stocked bar. The sound of the ship\'92s wings beating like those of an enormous bird, the whir of the ship\'92s propellers, the mechanical clang of clockwork and the hiss of steam pumped out a rhythm which became calming as it became familiar.\
The recently upgraded airship handled much like it had before, though the addition of the metal shields had necessitated the additional sails and propellers. Surprisingly, it still travelled just as quickly as it had before how much heavier it was. It was a relatively smooth ride, too; so long as he avoided looking out the windows, it was easy enough to forget that they were hundreds of feet in the air.\
They had circled London several times over in search of their quarry, with no sign of it. He\'92d been led to believe there would be a trail of destruction in its wake, but London was a vast city, and it took several turns about the city before they discovered any clue as to its whereabouts. When they did, the trail led beyond the city limits. Now, the offensive stench of London Town receded as the vessel sailed from city to country.\
The speed of the airship was astonishing. Still, when Jonathan looked through the window at the world passing by below him, though the sparse buildings and trees looked like tiny toys, he was surprised to discover that he was quickly finding himself more and more relaxed. The world outside was dark, lit only by the moon and the electric lanterns which hung from the airship.\
"How fast 
\i are
\i0  we going?" Jonathan asked.\
\'93Quite fast, sir,\'94 was Professor Ashcroft's reply. Once again, he\'92d invited the man to join him in the passenger\'92s lounge. He preferred not to be left alone in a room with Abraham Palmer, and Ashcroft\'92s knowledge of the ship was comforting. \'93Nervous flyer, are you?\'94\
Jonathan shrugged. "Usually," Jonathan admitted. "But after the past few days' misadventures, I find myself surprisingly relaxed."\
Professor Ashcroft smiled. \'93Well, for what it's worth, you\'92re in good hands. As I said before, Captain Merrick knows his way around a ship\'97dirigible, ornithopter, or otherwise.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Lockwood, with a sly grin. \'93And I ain't so bad meself. Same goes for Mister Ashcroft, o' course.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Jonathan, once again feeling his nervousness return in spite of the reassurances.\
\'93Hm,\'94 said Abraham Palmer. \'93I\'92d be a bit more concerned by our quarry than our journey.\'94\
Kippar Lockwood paled at this. Even the more seasoned engineer, Ashcroft, looked visibly uncomfortable at the mention of their gruesome business. But he gritted his teeth and tried not to let his intimidation show.\
\'93As we\'92re on the subject, and since we\'92re hopefully drawing nearer to locating it, I wonder if you might be inclined to tell us a bit more about this thing,\'94 Ashcroft ventured.\
\'93Very well\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Perhaps Mr. Palmer will do you the courtesy of explaining our mission. I must attend to that most inconvenient necessity of replenishing my drink. It\'92s been that sort of day. Please excuse me for a moment, gentlemen.\'94\
He stood, took his empty glass off the table, leaving a ring of condensation, and walked unsteadily to the bar at the rear of the cabin. Although Captain Merrick handled the dirigible with the utmost competence, this did not mean that the ship was quite so stable that Jonathan could walk steadily across the floor. The barman, however, had steady hands, which he proved by managing to pour Jonathan's drink without spilling even the slightest drop.}