{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi367\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 When The Penny Dreadful first began its flight, pamphlets had been provided to the crew, on the subject of the mission. Only Jonathan and Mr. Palmer had copies of the handwritten letter, so it was to the pamphlets that Lockwood and Ashcroft now turned their attention, while Palmer explained and elaborated. The pamphlets had been prepared in a somewhat hasty manner, due to the urgent nature of the mission.\
\'93I must remind you,\'94 said Mr. Palmer, \'93Although the point has already been belaboured almost to death, it is of the utmost importance that neither of you should repeat even a word of what I am about to tell you, nor reveal the contents of those pamphlets. And when this mission has reached its end, I would urge you to put it out of your mind, as best as you are able.\'94\
Giving only a moment\'92s pause for the crewmen to nod their acknowledgement, Palmer continued, \'93As I\'92ve already explained, Mr. Grimmer's father was an operative of a Crown sanctioned but privately funded organisation known only as The Agency. Following Mr. Grimmer's death, it was taken over by another secret society, known as the Resurrectionists. A few of its members, namely Mrs. Grimmer and myself, have remained loyal to the original Agency, acting secretly to undermine the Resurrectionists and their nefarious plans and to continue the Agency\'92s mission.\'94\
Jonathan snorted. Put like that, it sounded absurdly grandiose. Palmer glared at him, and Jonathan looked down at his drink. Palmer continued. \'93In order to understand the Agency\'92s mission, you must understand this one thing: when a man dies, he does not consistently remain in that condition.\'94\
\'93By God!\'94 Lockwood blasphemed.\
The older man, Ashcroft, merely opened his mouth but said nothing. The expression on his face said enough though. Well, mostly it said he thought Mr. Palmer must be insane or overly superstitious at the least. And that he thought Mr. Lockwood must be naive for believing him so readily. But also that he would humour him, at least for the time being.\
\'93We have learned via the Agency's scientists and through the research of the Resurrectionists that death is a condition with varying degrees of finality. The creatures with which we are principally concerned are considered not dead but Unliving.\'94\
\'93Unliving?" Lockwood repeated. "Not Undead?\'94\
\'93That term is reserved for vampires,\'94 Palmer explained.\
\'93There are vampires?\'94 he exclaimed.\
\'93There are,\'94 said Palmer.\
Jonathan, having sweetened his beverage with sugar water, reclaimed his seat and nodded grimly. Then he finished Grimes\'92s sentence with a dismissive shrug. \'93In fiction.\'94\
\'93These Unliving creatures you speak of,\'94 said Ashcroft, ignoring for the moment the discussion of vampires, \'93What is the cause of their condition?\'94\
\'93You mean, why don\'92t they just stay dead?\'94 asked Mr. Palmer.\
Ashcroft nodded. \'93Assuming what you say is true,\'94 he added.\
\'93They\'92re infected,\'94 Jonathan answered, oversimplifying the matter somewhat.\
Mr. Palmer agreed, \'93It\'92s a disease. Well, a virus. And a rather unpredictable one at that. From what we can tell, it\'92s passed from one victim to another via bodily fluids: blood, saliva, and so forth. Once infected, the victim begins to die. But it is in death that the disease truly takes its toll. After death sets in, he wakes up.\'94\
Lockwood went wide-eyed at that, while Ashcroft's face remained impassive.\
\'93Only when he does wake up,\'94 Palmer added, \'93He\'92s hungry.\'94\
\'93Hungry for what?\'94 asked Ashcroft, his scepticism gradually giving way to cautious curiosity.\
\'93They eat the living,\'94 Mr. Palmer replied without gravitas. "What\'92s more, they cannot be reasoned with. They don\'92t generally talk, or think, or otherwise act like living men. These are monstrous creatures, abominable devils that must be put down like rabid dogs.\'94\
Aside from the creature in the Resurrectionists' laboratory, Jonathan had little experience with these creatures, but from his little understanding of the creatures, he had to agree with that. The unliving were abominations.\
\'93But here\'92s where it gets really interesting,\'94 said Mr. Palmer, as if all the aforementioned information was not enough, \'93When a 
\i man
\i0  is infected with this disease, he returns from the dead as a member of the Unliving\'85But when an 
\i animal
\i0  is infected, the results are somewhat less predictable. Some animals react much like men; they die, then subsequently revive as terrifying, unthinking cadavers with no recollection of their former selves or loyalty to their former masters. Other animals show no signs of infection whatsoever; in particular, carrion birds tend not to react to the disease.\'94\
\'93That's lucky,\'94 Jonathan contributed.\
Ashcroft nodded in agreement after only a moment\'92s consideration.\
\'93Recently, the Resurrectionists began experimenting on various species of insects,\'94 said Mr. Palmer. At this, his expression became grim.\
\'93And?\'94 said Lockwood.\
\'93Many of the insects infected underwent a dramatic metamorphosis.\'94\
\'93Meta wot?\'94 said Lockwood.\
\'93It means they transformed,\'94 Ashcroft translated, \'93Like a caterpillar into a butterfly.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Mr. Palmer, \'93Only quite significantly more dramatic than that.\'94\
\'93Just how dramatic is this transformation?\'94 asked Ashcroft.\
\'93Well, it varies from insect to insect. Some, cockroaches, the common fly, and mosquitoes, as just some examples, undergo no change whatsoever. Leeches, lice, and ladybugs, on the other hand, are transformed into about the size of a Dalmatian. But let me put it this way,\'94 said Palmer, \'93If this particular infected creature reaches the borders of France, the French will likely assume that it is an act of invasion, the first in a direct and deadly assault on the nation of France. It would mean all-out war.\'94\
\'93By God,\'94 Lockwood said again, \'93One lil' bug? An instrument of war?\'94\
Mr. Palmer nodded. \'93Not so little,\'94 he explained. \'93We call them Beasts. That is, Beings with Extremely Anomalous Supernatural Tendencies.\'94\
\'93Supernatural tendencies?\'94 Jonathan asked. Not all of this had been part of the letter he'd received, nor was it contained in the pamphlet. He stared into the murky green of his half-empty glass. He remembered what Palmer had said of Dr. Allen\'92s studies. He had made a particular study of genetic metamorphosis.\
\'93Supernatural, yes. In other words, beyond scientific understanding if not the laws of nature themselves. In this case, the word refers to the propensity of certain insects to resurrect, transform into monsters, and become several times their usual size, when infected with the Lazarus Virus.\'94\
\'93So,\'94 said Ashcroft, almost as if he were saying it to himself, \'93Our mission is to exterminate this mutated Beast, preferably before it arrives at the borders of France.\'94\
\'93Just so,\'94 Mr. Palmer confirmed.\
Palmer and Jonathan exchanged a look. Obviously there was more to it than that, but they had agreed not to share everything with the crew. For now, this was enough.\
\'93So, you understand the gravity of our mission?\'94 asked Jonathan.\
\'93Assuming this is not an elaborate practical joke, yes, I believe so,\'94 said Ashcroft, \'93But I wonder. Will this dirigible be enough to stop this creature? The two of you and a ragtag crew of aeronauts? Don't misunderstand me, gentlemen, it's an impressive enough aircraft, but still\'85\'94\
\'93Two of us?\'94 said Jonathan, \'93Oh, that\'92s right. You have yet to meet Miss Monday.\'94\
Ashcroft gave a start. \'93Miss\'85?\'94\
Jonathan nodded. He gestured toward the door beside the bar. \'93The lady wasn\'92t feeling herself. There\'92s a cabin with a cot behind the bar, apparently.\'94\
\'93Are you quite serious, sir?\'94 demanded Ashcroft, a bit too forcefully for Jonathan\'92s liking.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Jonathan. He pointed again at the door, \'93The Engineering Cabin, I believe it's called. As it was unoccupied for the moment-\'94\
\'93I am aware of the engineer\'92s cabin, Mr. Grimmer. I am intimately familiar with the airship, and what\'92s more, I 
\i am
\i0  the engineer. What I meant was, are you quite serious about there being a woman aboard this airship?\'94\
Jonathan shrugged by way of reply.\
Ashcroft bit his lip as if to prevent himself from saying anything he might regret or which might prevent him from receiving a pay cheque at the end of the day.\
\'93And wot good is a lady goin' ter be when we confront this overgrown insect?\'94 Lockwood wanted to know, raising his voice. Apparently the lad was not as experienced as Ashcroft in the art of holding one\'92s tongue. \'93Forgive me for sayin' so, sir, but she\'92ll only get in the way. Especially if she\'92s under the weather. Perhaps she should remain confined ter the Engineerin' Cabin, but then again, Mr. Ashcroft will be needin' in there.\'94\
\'93So what do you suggest? Throw the lady overboard?\'94 said Miss Monday herself.\
Mr. Lockwood had been so preoccupied with his rant that he\'92d failed to notice the door swinging open. Now, upon seeing her and being caught speaking ill of her, colour flooded his cheeks.\
\'93Me lady,\'94 he said, suddenly gallant, bowing his head and removing his cap.\
She spat.\
Lockwood blinked in surprise. He looked her over and quickly came to the conclusion that this was not your ordinary lady. Dressed in a tattered skirt and corset, gun belt at her hips, she had an athletic body that did not betray her feminine grace. But it was her eyes that truly set her apart. And not just the clockwork eye. There was an intensity in the look of her one good eye that was at once terrifying and entrancing. It seemed as though she were looking straight through him, into the depths of his soul.\
\'93Don\'92t you worry about me,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93You\'92d have to say a lot worse than that if you\'92re aiming to hurt my feelings.\'94\
She clutched her stomach and groaned as if she might vomit, then turned to the wall with the weapons rack and retrieved one that must have been to her liking. With the blunderbuss securely strapped to her side, she took a seat beside Jonathan, who made the necessary introductions.\
\'93I may be suffering the effects of seasickness-\'94 she said, when her stomach churned again.\
\'93Airsickness,\'94 Lockwood corrected.\
\'93Whichever,\'94 she said, \'93But if it\'92s a firefight we\'92re in for\'85\'94 she paused to grin in a way that was surprisingly dreadful, \'93Don\'92t count me out on account of my being a woman.\'94\
\'93An airsick woman with one eye,\'94 Ashcroft muttered, then, upon feeling the effects of Miss Monday\'92s dreadful gaze, he muttered, \'93No offence.\'94\
Miss Monday groaned again as the ship lurched under a brief moment of turbulence.\
\'93And if I didn\'92t know any better, sir,\'94 Ashcroft continued when Jonathan stumbled back to the bar for another refill, \'93I might think you were intoxicated.\'94\
\'93I\'92m at my best when thoroughly intoxicated, I think you\'92ll find,\'94 Jonathan slurred. He downed the drink, wiped his mouth on a handkerchief, and slammed his glass down on the bar. \'93You ought to try it, Miss Monday. I find it helps with the airsickness.\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head. \'93I\'92ll stick with the tea, thank you.\'94\
Ashcroft had to remind himself of how well the Agency was paying him for this job.\
\'93I caught the tail end of the conversation. Enormous unliving insects?\'94 she said conversationally. \'93What, precisely does this have to do with the Resurrectionists\'92 plans?\'94\
\'93As I understand it, the Agency\'92s goal is to stop the spread of this Unliving virus. The Resurrectionists, conversely, wish to spread the virus?\'94 Professor Ashcroft was astute. Jonathan was impressed. \'93Is it safe to assume, therefore, that this creature must possess some means of infecting people?\'94\
Mr. Palmer nodded. \'93I should think so.\'94\
\'93They must have a cure,\'94 Ashcroft blurted.\
\'93Why do you say that?\'94 said Miss Monday.\
\'93Why else would they be so determined to spread this infection?\'94 he replied. \'93Spread the virus, sell the cure.\'94\
Jonathan looked up at the professor in surprise. He hadn\'92t even considered that angle. He exchanged a meaningful look with Miss Monday. Was that what she\'92d been hired to steal from Lord Connor? The cure? It would certainly explain a lot.\
\'93At any rate, never minding our capability of vanquishing this creature back to the hell from whence it surely came, will we reach it in time? How will we even find it?\'94 asked Professor Ashcroft.\
\'93If I understand correctly, our quarry is meandering, leaving devastation and destruction in its wake. We should find the creature easily enough, I should think, more likely sooner than later. In fact, if you would direct your attention out the window, just now\'85\'94 said Mr. Palmer.\
Immediately following this instruction, Jonathan turned to the window. His jaw dropped. Suddenly there was no longer any cause for doubt. The creature was real, but it was far worse in reality than it had ever been in his imagination.\
Somehow he felt, after a moment, a vague sense of relief. Yes, the creature was real, a creature ascended from hell. But there was a bright side. At the very least, he had not soiled his undergarments. Looking at the Beast, this seemed a real possibility.\
\'93You failed to mention this Beast would be armed," said Professor Ashcroft, donning his spectacles as he looked out the window, horror-stricken by what loomed outside.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi358\qj
\cf0 The specimen in question, flying parallel to the Penny Dreadful but seeming not to have noticed the airship for the moment, was a behemoth. It was easily twice the size of the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 , but thrice as terrifying. With enormous, whip-like antennae, and a thick exoskeleton that seemed to cover its entire body, Mr. O had the disturbing suspicion that this abomination had once been a cockroach.\
Now, in its metamorphosed state, the creature was barely recognizable as an insect at all. It was a monster. With long legs and huge wings which beat rapidly, carrying the unbelievable weight of the creature across the sky.\
Still, the most unusual thing about the creature\'92s appearance was its armaments. Attached to its anterior limbs was a pair of mechanical contraptions that looked suspiciously like machine guns.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi367\qj
\cf0 \'93Did I?\'94 said Mr. Palmer. \'93
\i Mea culpa
\i0 .\'94}