{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi362\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 As they rushed to the railings and peered over, they heard it, an unmistakable sound from beneath them: the sound of a harpoon gun being fired. Mr. Palmer was the first to react. With impossibly quick reflexes, his hand shot out and grasped the harpoon by the shaft as it shot up from below, at which Lockwood exclaimed yet again.\
\'93By God!\'94 he cried, having joined them out on the deck.\
Miss Monday grabbed ahold of Mr. Palmer in what was likely a serious breach of etiquette, but she feared he might have otherwise been launched from the dirigible by Mr. O\'92s weight and momentum. Even with her assistance, the pair slammed into the railing, which creaked in protest.\
She held tight to his waist, but when she heard the sound of wood splintering, she knew that it would not be enough.\
\'93I don\'92t suppose you\'92d care to lend us a hand, Mr. Lockwood,\'94 said Miss Monday, \'93If it\'92s not too much trouble.\'94\
Thusly admonished, Lockwood hurried to lend a hand, and with his and the captain\'92s assistance, Mr. Steen was able to secure the harpoon\'92s line to the rapidly plummeting Dreadful.\
Below, Miss Monday could see him, dangling from the line like a fish on a hook.\
\'93Are you alright?\'94 she cried.\
\'93I\'92ll be much better with my feet on solid ground, I should think,\'94 he shouted back.\
\'93Serves you right,\'94 she grumbled.\
Meanwhile the Captain returned his attention to the ship, which was still losing altitude. He directed Ashcroft to check the Engineering Cabin for a replacement ballonet.\
\'93Better haul him up quickly,\'94 said Captain Merrick. \'93Then we\'92ll have to hoist the sails.\'94\
Mr. Palmer and Mr. Lockwood set about the task, while Miss Monday busied herself with wiping the pieces of rotten carapace from her hair and clothes, and trying to appear unconcerned about Mr. O.\
Finally, they managed to haul him over the side of the ship. Covered in blood, his clothing in tatters, Miss Monday still wasn\'92t sure whether to slap him or kiss him.\
She ran over to him. She couldn\'92t help herself. She put her arms around him, bloody and bruised though he was. She didn\'92t care if it hurt him. She held him close, and he returned the embrace. She lowered her head, even when he placed a hand, gently, upon her chin, and tried to make her look at him. She didn\'92t want him to see that there were tears on her cheek.\
\'93I\'92m alright,\'94 he said.\
\'93You idiot,\'94 she said, pounding her fists against his chest, not with any real force, but still enough to make him wince in pain. \'93You unbelievable idiot.\'94\
She glared. \'93Don\'92t ever try that again.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t think I shall,\'94 he said, and he laughed until it turned into a cough. He winced.\
\'93Better get inside,\'94 she said, suddenly concerned. \'93I think there may be a first aid kit inside.\'94\
\'93There is,\'94 he said. \'93It\'92s called liquor.\'94\
She shook her head. \'93No, Mr. O,\'94 she said. \'93You\'92ve had quite enough of that this evening. How about a cup of tea?\'94\
He limped as he walked, and she had to wonder if he\'92d broken anything. It would be a miracle if he hadn\'92t. Probably dislocated a shoulder, at the very least. Bloody idiot. She gave him another once over.\
His skin was scorched, blistered, bloody, and raw. Discoloured by bruises and burns.\
\'93No lemon,\'94 he muttered.}