{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick turned and fled. It was all he could do to keep himself from vomiting in the streets. And from thinking about the horrific scene he\'92d just witnessed.\
Bailey, he thought in horror. Oh, god, Bailey.\
Behind him, a dead man shovelled mouthfuls of meat and fur into his mouth, and Roderick could still hear him chewing. It was deafening. He lost his footing, fell to the ground, head-first. Slammed into the hard stone, but barely felt it. He scrambled to rise, but he hurt more than he realised. It was difficult to move.\
He felt a warm tongue on his face and reeled back in panic. In a moment, he was back on his feet and was turning to flee. But as he ran, he looked back down at the ground where he\'92d fallen. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F9673155-A9FA-4523-81E5-A24663786574"}}{\fldrslt Standing there, wagging his tail happily, was Bailey.}}\
He blinked in confusion. He looked back at the undead man who still stood, noisily chewing, then back again at Bailey. Unharmed. Untouched.\
\'93Good god, Bailey, you worried me!\'94\
Confusion turned to relief. He reached down and scooped up his dog into his arms, cradled him like a child, and Bailey returned his affection as dogs do, licking the dirt from his face.\
\'93Must have been a rat or a squirrel,\'94 he remarked happily.\
But there was little time to rejoice in their reunion. The dead man had finished his meal and had begun to advance toward the duo, mouth still bloody but clearly still hungry.\
Roderick turned to flee, and nearly stumbled into another shadowy figure, which blocked his path and snarled.\
He stepped back. An undead man in each direction. Bailey in his arms. And he was unarmed.\
The dead men continued to close in, while Roderick continued to back up, inching further from one dead man but closer to the other. But as he moved through the dark, foggy alleyway, a door presented itself. The side door to some shop, or somebody\'92s house, Roderick wasn\'92t sure which.\
He put his hand on the knob and tried the door. He swore. It was locked.\
The wood was old, splintered, the doorknob flimsy. Perhaps he could force it open. Not with Bailey in his arms though. He set the dog down. The undead continued to move in on them.\
\'93Stay,\'94 he said, sternly.\
Then he slammed into the door, putting his shoulder into it. It looked like the flimsy, structurally unsound sort of door that might cave in under a hard shoulder-check, but the door did not yield. He tried again, slamming into it with all his weight.\
Bailey began to bark.\
Again, Roderick slammed into the door, and again, it refused to budge.\
Meanwhile, the dead men closed in, shuffling slowly on limbs stiffened by rigor mortis.\
Bravely, Bailey tried to fend them off with his bark, yapping loudly to ward them off. Still, they advanced, paying him no mind, even as he nipped at their ankles. Roderick shouted at him to stay, but they weren\'92t interested in Bailey. Not with Roderick so close they could almost reach out and touch him.\
\'93There\'92s a good dog,\'94 he said. \'93Keep them busy, my friend. This is it. One last shot.\'94\
He stepped back as far as he could and aimed once more for the door, putting everything he could into it.}