{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 When he was a young boy, he found a bird lying in the fountain. It was half-drowned, its wing was broken, but it was not dead. He waded into the water, against his father\'92s protests, and lifted the crow from the water. It had seemed like the bird had lost consciousness, but when the boy picked it up, the bird began to struggle again. Its efforts were weak though, and the boy held tight to the bird.\
\'93Fix him, daddy,\'94 he pleaded, holding the bird up to his father, the doctor.\
Instead, his father scolded him for picking up the bird, and tried to take the wounded creature from him. He wailed and screamed as his father reached down to take the bird. He turned and ran, disappearing into the garden.\
He hid beneath a rose bush, and though the thorns pricked him, he kept quiet and stayed still. He shushed the bird when it began to squawk, petting its head gently until it quieted.\
He heard their voices, calling to him. Asking him to come out of hiding. Promising that everything was alright, that he wouldn\'92t be in trouble. They just wanted him to come out of hiding. Not just his father\'92s voice, but the voices of his father\'92s servants as well. Everyone was out looking for him.\
Night fell before they found him, his little body cold and bloodied by the rose\'92s thorns.\
He was sure to be beaten for this. Sure to be scolded, at the very least.\
His father was standing there with an unreadable expression on his face. Half stern, half relieved. His mother was all tears. She bent down to hold him in her arms, but he shrugged off her embrace, concerned his crow might be squashed.\
\'93Daddy,\'94 he implored once again.\
The crow\'92s feathers had dried, but its wing was still broken, and it was still weak and in pain.\
\'93Fix him,\'94 he begged.\
There were hundreds of books in his father\'92s library, a doctor\'92s books. Books of science and medicine. Surely, his father could flip through the pages of his books and learn how to set the broken wing of a bird. That was all it would take, and the crow\'92s life would be saved.\
\'93Please,\'94 said the boy.\
Finally, the doctor\'92s face softened. He stooped down and held out his large, gentle hands, not grasping angrily for the bird this time, but reaching out as if to help.\
Cautiously, and ready to pull the bird back into his own arms at the slightest indication that his father\'92s gesture was false. He put the bird into his father\'92s hands.\
\'93There,\'94 said the doctor.\
At last, his father took the bird inside, went straight up to his office with the bird firmly in hand.\
\'93Will you fix him?\'94 said the boy, trailing after.\
\'93Hush now,\'94 said his mother. \'93Let your father do his work.\'94}