{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick stumbled through the entrance as the door swung open. He staggered to a stop.\
\'93Quickly,\'94 he shouted. \'93The door!\'94\
The door slammed shut, and Bailey practically leapt into Roderick\'92s arms. Roderick blinked in surprise, but he patted the dog affectionately. The dog seemed to be more shaken by the ordeal than even Roderick, who went immediately to the window and peered through the curtain into the darkness.\
He couldn\'92t see them any more. The alley was too dark. But he knew they were out there.\
\'93What\'92s going on?\'94 said whoever it was that had opened the door.\
\'93My apologies,\'94 said Roderick, still breathing hard. Politeness did not come easily to Roderick, but he dared not offend his hosts. The last thing he wanted was to be tossed out. \'93I hate to come barging in here like this, at such a late hour.\'94\
He took a quick look around as his host\'97or hosts rather, as he now saw that there were three of them\'97began to turn the lights on. He must have woken them, as the wicks had all been snuffed out, and they were dressed in robes.\
The several tables, chairs and divans, candles and oil lamps upon the tables, as well as the cash register upon the counter, marked this as a place of business, rather than a home, although he guessed that his hosts also lived here. Perhaps there were bedrooms upstairs.\
\'93Please, just give me a few minutes and I\'92ll be out of your hair. It\'92s just that, well, I was accosted by\'85hmm, I don\'92t suppose you\'92d believe me if I told you what they were.\'94\
\'93The walking dead men outside, eh?\'94 asked one of them.\
Roderick blinked in surprise. \'93I\'92m sorry. What did you say?\'94\
\'93Clotho!\'94 the one in the black robe snapped. Her voice was harsh and cold.\
The third of their company seemed to have finished lighting the oil lamps and candles on the tables, and Roderick\'92s eyes were beginning to adjust. Finally, he spotted the little wooden sign, which announced the name of the establishment.\
The Moirae Tea House. Beneath the name of the tea house, the sign declared: Have Your Fortune Read By The Goddesses Of Fate. Tea, Pastries, and Divination.\
Interesting, he thought. He must have taken a wrong turn somewhere. In all his years in this city, in all of his walks with Bailey, he\'92d never seen this place before.\
\'93What did you say?\'94 he said again, turning away from the sign and back to the one called Clotho.\
\'93Apologies for our sister,\'94 said the one who\'92d scolded her. \'93Cup of tea?\'94\
\'93It\'92s late,\'94 said Roderick. \'93I don\'92t wish to impose,\'94 he said. \'93I simply lost my bearings and found myself in a dark and apparently dangerous alley. Perhaps they\'92re gone by now.\'94\
He headed to the window again, but it was too dark to see anything. They could still be out there.\
\'93Nonsense,\'94 said the one in the black, moth-eaten robe. \'93We get so few customers as it is. It would be our pleasure. A drink, on the house.\'94\
Roderick relented, not just for his own sake, but for Bailey\'92s. The dog was still shaking, and he really couldn\'92t be sure the undead were not still out there, waiting, hungry, for something larger than a rat to come their way.\
Taking one more look through the window and seeing nothing but his own reflection in the glass, he took a seat at one of the tables. While the other two began to brew his cup of tea, Clotho took the seat opposite him.\
Like her sister, Clotho wore a white robe, its hood pulled up over her head. Most of her face was hidden within the folds of her hood, but what he could see of it was surprisingly ancient. He caught glimpses of wrinkles and eyes pale and grey with cataracts. Her lips were dry and chapped. Her teeth, yellow and beginning to rot. Despite that, she moved easily, without the stiffness that one would ordinarily associate with advanced age.\
She smiled.\
\'93He was here,\'94 she whispered, setting her hand on the table. Like her face, it was wrinkled and spotted with blemishes.\
\'93Who?\'94 said Roderick.\
She looked back to see that her sisters were otherwise occupied. Then she answered. \'93The man you\'92re looking for.\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry?\'94 Roderick replied. \'93Who am I looking for?\'94\
\'93You\'92re a detective, aren\'92t you?\'94 she whispered. \'93You\'92re supposed to figure that out.\'94\
\'93How did you\'85\'94 he began, but Clotho merely pointed at the sign as reply. Divination, he read. Roderick snorted. He didn\'92t believe in such fanciful things. As always, his mind inclined toward the scientific. Still, how 
\i did
\i0  she know his occupation? Deduction perhaps.\
\'93You seek Lord Connor\'92s murderer.\'94\
Alright, 
\i now
\i0  Roderick was impressed. He looked at her in amazement. And suspicion. Still, he had to assume that like him, this elderly woman was an expert in deduction; she merely used her talent to create the illusion of divination.\
\'93You seek the Resurrection Man,\'94 she continued.
\i  
\i0 Grinning. Her smile like the blade of a sickle. \'93Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
As she spoke, a spider crawled across her hand, but she seemed not to notice. He wanted to brush the spider off her hand or at least alert her to its presence, but he had the notion that she knew it was there but that it didn\'92t bother her. What disturbed him was not the spider itself but Clotho\'92s seeming indifference to its presence. As he watched the thing crawling about her hand on its spindly legs, he began to feel the phantom itch of spiders walking across his own skin.\
Bailey continued to shake in his arms, and Roderick was beginning to suspect that the dog\'92s nervousness was not merely due to the shock of their encounter with the dead men in the alleyway.\
\'93Anthony Tidkins,\'94 Roderick repeated, mulling over the name. The Resurrection Man was a figure in 
\i The Mysteries of London
\i0 , a penny dreadful. Anthony Tidkins was therefore likely to be a member of the Resurrectionists; that clandestine organisation often took the names of penny dreadful figures as their own.\
Clotho looked meaningfully at her sisters, who were still busy preparing the tea, then back at Roderick again, silently signalling that they might not be inclined to let her share her knowledge.\
He nodded. \'93What about Dr. Allen?\'94 he asked, keeping his voice low.\
\'93I think you already know,\'94 said Clotho, quietly, \'93That Dr. Allen had nothing to do with Lord Connor\'92s death, except as a scapegoat.\'94\
\'93So why the coverup? Why make Connor\'92s death look like the work of Dr. Allen?\'94\
Clotho grinned toothily. \'93Which reason should I give you?\'94 she asked. \'93There are many.\'94\
\'93Pick one,\'94 said Roderick.\
\'93Believability,\'94 Clotho replied. \'93It\'92s an easy enough lie to sell, isn\'92t it? After all, Dr. Allen\'92s supposed crimes are well known.\'94\
Roderick considered her phrasing. 
\i Supposed
\i0  crimes. As if to suggest that Dr. Allen\'92s crimes were, what, not crimes at all? Or that he\'92d been framed for those murders as well?\
His hostess leaned across the table to whisper more quietly to him. Her sisters were still distracted by their task, though the smell of tea was beginning to fill the air.\
\'93Fate,\'94 Clotho whispered, her voice a rasping, grating sound. \'93Fate is a fickle path, easily altered by the slightest word or the gentlest nudge. I may have said too much already, but the truth is that you\'92re taking too long to figure this out on your own. Time is running out, Mr. Steen, and you\'92re not yet where you\'92re supposed to be. Still, you need to solve this on your own, to the best of your ability, with as little help from us as possible.\'94\
He didn\'92t recall having introduced himself, but he really shouldn\'92t have been surprised that she knew his name.\
Suddenly she reached out, put her hand against his shoulder, and looked him in the eyes. Her face, unmasked by the darkness of her hood, was terrifying. A spider crawled across the whites of her eye, but she didn\'92t blink or flinch or seem to notice at all. There were deep lines that creased her face, not wrinkles but cracks in her skin. The constant sickle-like smile on her face melted into a sneer.\
\'93Do you think you can?\'94 she asked, an urgency in her voice.\
He nodded. He had every confidence in his ability to solve this mystery, but wherever Clotho got her information\'97whether she really possessed some clairvoyant ability or whether she had a network of spies planted throughout the city\'97she had suddenly become his biggest lead. If she wouldn\'92t say more, it would be difficult. Not that Roderick lamented a challenge, but still.\
\'93Connor was already dead when Anthony Tidkins strung him up in the fashion of a Dr. Allen victim,\'94 she said at last. \'93But you knew that already, didn\'92t you?\'94\
Roderick nodded. The spider on Clotho\'92s hand dropped onto the table and began to crawl across it towards him. He resisted the impulse to flatten it with the palm of his hand.\
Roderick recounted his findings. \'93Lord Connor was killed by a gunshot to the head, most likely in self defense\'97
\i not 
\i0 by this Anthony Tidkins, I would wager. I believe Connor to have been infected by the same strange disease as that which afflicted the so-called \'91walking dead men\'92 outside. It is a disease, isn\'92t it?\'94\
Disease was the only logical conclusion Roderick could come to, and Roderick was nothing if not logical. It had to be disease that had created these 
\i vampires
\i0 , for lack of a better word. Roderick wasn\'92t superstitious, but he couldn\'92t deny that he\'92d seen the dead return to life. Still, was that what was happening here? A plague of the undead?\
\'93After Connor\'92s ultimate death, somebody\'97presumably this Anthony Tidkins character\'97returned to the scene in order to cover up what had happened to him. But why? And how did Connor come to his condition? What was he?\'94 He repeated the word he\'92d been thinking of, to his mysterious hostess. \'93A vampire?\'94\
Clotho grinned. \'93Not exactly,\'94 she said, \'93But I suppose that\'92s a close enough assessment of his condition.\'94\
Roderick considered this. If this were true, then what of the gentleman who\'92d slain him? Nobody ordinary. Someone with experience in dealing with vampires, perhaps. Someone, well, more accurately, two someones, as there had been two gentlemen seen entering Connor\'92s office.\
Still, more important than the vampire slayers was the man who\'92d infected Connor in the first place. Anthony Tidkins, perhaps? Was it also safe to assume that Tidkins must be a vampire as well? Was that how this affliction worked? And again, Roderick had to wonder if he really could believe in vampires, even if it was with the assumption that the condition was caused by infection.\
Roderick turned his thoughts to something else.\
\'93The crow\'92s head,\'94 said Clotho, as if reading his mind. He wasn\'92t entirely sure that she wasn\'92t.\
He nodded. \'93What about it?\'94 he asked. \'93What does it mean?\'94\
\'93It\'92s the symbol for The Resurrectionists,\'94 she said.\
\'93That much I know,\'94 he said. \'93But what are they? I know their reputation, and I know their stories. But\'85
\i what 
\i0 are they? Vampires?\'94\
\'93They 
\i wish
\i0 ,\'94 said Clotho. \'93Do you know the other name for The Resurrectionists?\'94\
When he failed to come up with an answer, she whispered it to him. \'93The Murder Society.\'94\
It would almost be funny, if it weren\'92t so macabre. \'93As in a murder of crows,\'94 he said wryly. \'93I thought you weren\'92t going to tell me any more?\'94\
He caught a glimpse of a smile on Clotho\'92s face, still hidden by her cowl. The spider made its way across the table, slowly making its way toward Roderick\'92s hand. Another spider dangled from the sleeve of Clotho\'92s robe. Another still, was crawling upon her chest. They were all over her.\
\'93As I said before, you\'92re already on the right path. I\'92m not giving you answers, really. Just confirming what you already suspect. You suspect that it was Anthony Tidkins that 
\i turned
\i0  Connor. You\'92re right in your suspicions. As to your other question\'97the 
\i why
\i0 \'97I\'92ll leave that for you to discover.\'94}