{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The black-robed sister moved slowly toward Roderick\'92s table, bearing his cup of tea, like she still expected him to drink anything that she had to offer. He had the feeling that he\'92d jumped out of the frying pan and into the fire. What\'92s more, he was certain it was not by coincidence that he\'92d ended up here.\
As she drew near, he caught a glimpse of her face. Like Clotho\'92s, it was ancient, weathered, her skin paper-thin. She passed beneath the light of a lantern, and for a moment, he could see moths flitting about. They seemed to emanate from her. They bore the distinctive black and yellow wings of the death\'92s head hawkmoth.\
\'93Acherontia Atropos,\'94 he said.\
She paused in her tracks, looking at him in surprise. \'93That\'92s right,\'94 she said. Then she placed his teacup on the table. She nudged her sister\'92s shoulder. \'93We\'92ve got ourselves an entomologist here.\'94\
\'93I\'92m more a jack of all trades. Lepidopterology. Mythology,\'94 said Roderick, gesturing at the little wooden sign by the door. The Moirae Tea House. \'93Clotho,\'94 he said, inclining his head at the white-robed sister who sat at his table. \'93Atropos, I presume,\'94 he said, looking at the sister in the black robes. \'93And by process of elimination, you must be Lachesis.\'94\
He was looking at the third sister now, the one who remained at the back of the tea house. Like Clotho, her robes were white. Her face was covered by a hood, her hands hidden in her loosely hanging sleeves.\
\'93Fortune tellers posing as the goddesses of Fate. I suppose the added element of mystique must attract customers. A bit gimmicky for my tastes, of course, but I\'92m not exactly your demographic anyway, am I?\'94 he said.\
\'93Who\'92s 
\i posing
\i0 ?\'94 said Clotho.\
Roderick raised an eyebrow. \'93You don\'92t honestly expect me to believe you\'92re truly the Greek goddesses of Fate?\'94\
Looking from one woman to another, Roderick wasn\'92t sure which one to fear most, the grinning one with spiders crawling across her hands, the scowling black-clad one with moths escaping her tattered robes, or the mysterious quiet one at the back of the Tea House, with who knew what beneath her robes. Was she covered in spiders like Clotho, or in moths like Atropos? Or was there something else entirely lurking beneath her sleeves?\
A scratching sound from the windows suddenly reminded him that the threat inside was not the only one.\
\'93Your doing?\'94 he said, indicating that he meant the vampires outside. Of course, Clotho had already explained or at least implied that these vampires were made by the Resurrectionists, but how could he think logically about things like vampires and goddesses? And when logic failed, Roderick was not himself. So he left the accusation hanging in the air.\
\'93Everything is our doing,\'94 said Clotho.\
\'93Oh right,\'94 he said bitterly, \'93How could I forget?\'94\
There was a chorus of laughter from the Moirae. Their voices were echoed by the moans of the dead men outside. To Roderick\'92s alarm, new voices had been added to that chorus. New dead men had joined the two he\'92d already encountered. Bailey took to barking again, yipping frantically as Clotho grinned and leaned forward.\
\'93You still haven\'92t tried the tea,\'94 she urged.\
\'93I\'92ll pass,\'94 Roderick said, testily. He wasn\'92t ignorant of the danger, but his mind was too busy trying to sort its way through the puzzles to pay it any heed. \'93It wasn\'92t coincidence that brought me here. The ghouls in the alley, or whatever they are. Vampires, what-have-you. You used them to lure me here, didn\'92t you?\'94\
\'93No, it was fate,\'94 said Clotho, her mouth still stretched into a hideous smile. He might have been imagining things, but it looked as though there were spiders wriggling inside her mouth when she smiled, spinning webs on her teeth.\
\'93I doubt that very much. I imagine you somehow planted the ghouls in the alley, knowing Bailey would be drawn to their rather potent stench.\'94\
\'93Perhaps you think too much,\'94 said Atropos. \'93What makes you think we even wanted you here?\'94\
\'93Well, I happen to think you\'92re collaborating with Lord Connor\'92s murderer,\'94 he said. Roderick indicated Clotho. \'93This one says his killer was here earlier. Anthony Tidkins,\'94 he added.\
Atropos glared at her sister. She settled into the chair directly beside her, as Clotho retreated to the back of the room, beside Lachesis.\
\'93You\'92re wrong, Mr. Steen,\'94 said Atropos, once she\'92d settled into the chair. \'93It\'92s true that he came here; he wanted his palms read. But we are not collaborating with the Resurrectionists, nor did we lure you here. Your presence here is purely coincidental, I can assure you.\'94\
\'93Oh, yes, of course. Fate,\'94 he said sarcastically. \'93I\'92m a man of logic. Not superstition and old wives\'92 tales.\'94\
Clotho laughed scornfully. \'93Where do you think the old wives 
\i get 
\i0 their tales, Mr. Steen?\'94\
\'93So, you don\'92t believe in fate?\'94 asked Atropos.\
Roderick shook his head.\
\'93You ought to,\'94 said Atropos. \'93We believe in you.\'94}