{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi363\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Once she\'92d managed to convince Mr. O to sit down and not to touch the liquor cabinet, Miss Monday stepped outside the cabin to speak with the captain.\
\'93How are we looking?\'94 she asked.\
The Captain turned his attention away from the steering wheel for a moment to answer her. \'93Might not make it all the way back to the city,\'94 he said, \'93But we\'92ll land this bird no problem.\'94\
She nodded, but she was more relieved than she let on. She\'92d been afraid the damage would be more than the ship could handle, and that they might be going down in flames.\
\'93We\'92ll be alright,\'94 said the Captain. \'93Won\'92t be easy though. We\'92ll start by emptying the ballasts.\'94\
\'93Ballasts?\'94\
The Dreadful had been built with some amount of redundancy in mind, given that it was made for combat. It was heavier than necessary, for example, so that in the event of an emergency, the ballasts could be released, dumping a substantial amount of water to the ground below. All this had been explained to Captain Merrick by Dr. Simms, but he provided Miss Monday with a simplified explanation. \'93Professor Ashcroft can handle that aspect; I\'92m not really sure how it works myself,\'94 he said, turning his attention from her to provide the professor with instructions via the speaking tube.\
\'93Not sure that\'92ll be enough on its own though,\'94 he confessed. \'93Anything else we can dump?\'94\
\'93Well, there\'92s the liquor cabinet,\'94 she suggested.\
Captain Merrick looked at her with a bewildered expression on his face. \'93Don\'92t be dense,\'94 he said. \'93How about the cot in the engineering cabin?\'94 he suggested.\
She nodded.\
\'93We\'92re also wasting too much of the ship\'92s power on her wings,\'94 said the Captain. \'93But apparently they can also be powered manually. Provides better lift that way too.\'94\
Miss Monday nodded. \'93Manually?\'94 she echoed.\
\'93I guess Lockwood will have to cover that aspect,\'94 he said, as he explained. Apparently the ship\'92s wings, relying on the clockwork mechanism for their rotation, were also hooked up to a stationary bicycle, which could provide kinetic power to the wings. \'93Take a seat and start pedalling,\'94 said Captain Merrick, addressing Lockwood through the speaking tube.\
\'93Right,\'94 said the Captain. \'93Now we just have to hope for a favourable amount of wind blowing in the right direction.\'94\
Miss Monday thanked him for his time and his expertise, and excused herself to return to the passenger\'92s cabin, where she found that Mr. O was already dipping into the liquor cabinet despite her warning against the idea.\
\'93So that was your contingency plan? A harpoon gun?\'94\
\'93Honestly, I didn\'92t expect that to work. Blind luck though, what can I say. Anyway, that\'92s why I had two contingency plans, the second of which was a parachute. So,\'94 he said, ignoring her disapproving frown and changing the subject. \'93What\'92s the status report?\'94\
\'93Captain says we\'92ll be alright with any luck,\'94 she told him, taking a seat.\
\'93Good,\'94 he said. \'93We haven\'92t got any time to spare.\'94\
Not that she disagreed, but she looked up at him at that. \'93What do you mean?\'94 she asked.\
\'93Something I\'92d better tell you,\'94 he said, drawing a sheet of folded paper out of one of his pockets. He winced, even with the pain-numbing power of intoxication.\
\'93What\'92s that?\'94 she said. She ought to have been concerned about his pain, but she had done that already and he\'92d refused her attentions, so she was done playing nursemaid.\
\'93A letter,\'94 he said.\
\'93From whom?\'94\
\'93I\'92m no longer certain,\'94 he said. \'93Supposedly, it\'92s from Queen Victoria.\'94\
\'93Supposedly?\'94 she said. She frowned. She didn\'92t like the sound of that. \'93I supposed you\'92d better read it,\'94 she said.\
He nodded and unfolded the page.\
\'93My dear Mrs. Grimmer,\'94 he began. \'93You cannot conceive how happy you have made me, by attending my tea party this Saturday, as I am very fond of pleasant society, and I had been for these last three weeks immured within the old palace, and I longed sadly for some gaiety. However, I must, with your permission, bring your attention to some most distressing news.\
While I am sure you will recall that we had recently discussed the unfortunate circumstances under which your Agency came under military scrutiny, I had left you with the assurances that the wisest course of action would be that The Agency remain under the private sector in order to prevent the Unliving threat from becoming public knowledge. However, I have been unable to sway Sir Henry and his men entirely to my point of view.\
I have, on the other hand, managed to convince them to at least 
\i consider
\i0  the Agency as a viable alternative to allowing the Unliving to fall under the jurisdiction of the military. Their decision will depend on two factors.\
First, if the Agency is to remain in the private sector, it must remain privately funded. I trust that you are able to take care of that minor detail.\
Second, while I remain convinced of your Agents\'92 competence, Sir Henry still requires further convincing.\
With that end in mind, he has asked that your Agents complete a test of his own devising. The only requirement of the test will be the extermination of one of your insect specimens, mutated by Lazarus and additionally outfitted with twin mitrailleuses. The Beast may be vanquished in any way that your Agents are able. Sir Henry will supply the specimen, using the sample of the Virus you were able to provide.\
I am compelled to ask that your men remain in ignorance of the true nature of this challenge, lest they be otherwise noncommittal; this is another of Sir Henry\'92s stipulations. As he says, \'91In order to adequately assess The Agency\'92s competence, their Agents must be fully committed to the endeavour. Otherwise, their likely failure can be explained away as a result of their disinterest.\'92\
I wish the best of luck to you and your Agents with this dreadful mission, should you consent to the challenge.\
Your affectionate friend,\
Queen Victoria\'94\
Miss Monday listened attentively while he read the letter, then reached out and took the letter from him. She read it through for herself, alternating between glaring at Mr. O and skimming through the letter.\
\'93You complete and utter bastard,\'94 she said. \'93You let me believe this might be related to our business with Lord Connor\'92s safe. You nearly got yourself killed. This wasn\'92t even a real mission.\'94\
She got up out of her seat and fished a cigarette out of her pocket. She pressed it to her lip.\
\'93You can\'92t smoke in here,\'94 he said.\
She shook her head and laughed. She took the cigarette and flicked on the floor. Crushed it beneath her foot.\
\'93I didn\'92t know you smoked,\'94 he said.\
\'93Only when I\'92m angry,\'94 she replied. \'93And since when are you the voice of reason?\'94\
He nodded. \'93Fair enough,\'94 he said. \'93You\'92re angry. You have every right to be. But let me explain.\'94\
\'93Suck a lemon,\'94 she said. Even for her, it was immature. She regretted it almost immediately.\
Be the better woman, she thought. She walked away from him, made her way to the back of the cabin, and found the necessary tools to brew herself a cup of tea. She made just one cup, though she\'92d offered one to Mr. O earlier and had not made good on that promise. She had no intention of doing so now.\
\'93My Agents have been dying,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93Not just Lord Connor. Some of the names you\'92ll have seen on the doors in the basement of the Agency, and more. Men that I have known and loved. Dear friends. They have been dying or going missing. I\'92m not telling you this in the hopes that it will move you to sympathy, but because aside from Mr. Palmer and myself, there was no one else.\'94\
She sipped her tea and made no answer.\
\'93I truly believed that the very existence of this Agency depended upon the success of this mission. And the success of this mission depended upon your cooperation. Would you have agreed to accompany me if I\'92d told you the truth?\'94\
Again she drank her tea in silence. She had to admit that no, she wouldn\'92t. But she made no admission aloud. Just stared back at him with that fierce look in her eyes. What did it matter that the Queen of England had insisted that he lie? What did it matter if she might have refused to help him? He ought to have told her the truth.\
\'93I might not have believed this was a real mission\'97not at first, anyway -but that didn\'92t make it any less important,\'94 he said. \'93What do you suppose would have happened to our pursuit of Dr. Bernhard and the Society of Immortals if the Agency were to be shut down by the monarchy?\'94\
\'93What did you mean,\'94 she asked finally, \'93When you said that you\'92re no longer certain the letter was from the Queen?\'94\
\'93As I\'92ve mentioned before and as this letter explains, the Agency and its mission to protect the public against the Unliving threat are sanctioned by the Crown,\'94 he began by way of explanation. \'93Her Majesty is aware of us and understands the importance of our operation. As do a few key figures in the British military and the London police force. My mother really did attend the Queen\'92s tea party. And Sir Henry is among those who know of our Agency and its activities. Sir Henry has been rather vocal in his opinion that the Agency\'92s mission should be taken over by the military. So this might very well have been written by Victoria herself. I had no reason to doubt its authenticity. Not until I saw the Beast in person.\'94\
\'93What do you mean?\'94 she asked. \'93It was as the letter said it would be, was it not?\'94\
\'93The letter suggested that the beast would be outfitted with twin mitrailleuses, which it was. But I rather expected the guns would be attached via a set of straps or perhaps ropes. Something of that sort anyway.\'94\
She nodded. It had been the surgically attached guns that had convinced her of Dr. Tidkins' involvement as well. She was beginning to forget to be angry at Mr. O. When she remembered, she crossed her arms, setting down her cup of tea.\
\'93Furthermore,\'94 he continued, \'93If I didn\'92t know better, I\'92d wager that Beast was once a cockroach. In all of the tests we conducted, cockroaches were among the insects that did not have any reaction to Lazarus.\'94\
She took a moment to consider this. \'93It does seem like Dr. Tidkins' handiwork,\'94 she admitted, \'93But how would he have known Mrs. Grimmer had attended Queen Victoria\'92s tea party?\'94\
Mr. O shook his head. \'93I\'92m not sure,\'94 he confessed. \'93It is possible The Society of Immortals has its fingers in more pies than we realised. I really can\'92t say for certain. But what I do know is that 
\i that
\i0  beast could not have been created by the Lazarus Virus alone. It was bigger than anything I\'92ve ever seen. Deadlier. More resilient. More aggressive. The metamorphic properties of Lazarus are impressive, to be sure, but that Beast went well beyond its limitations. And beyond that, there is the technology used in surgically attaching machinery to unliving tissue. Not the sort of thing I would expect from the British Crown. It\'92s got Tidkins' signature all over it.\'94\
\'93So, if this thing was sent by the Society of Immortals and not by the monarchy, are we to assume this was another attempt on our lives?\'94\
\'93No,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93There are better ways to kill people than this.\'94\
Miss Monday snorted. \'93That\'92s what I said when you suggested they were trying to use Connor to kill me,\'94 she said. \'93Anyway, this time they nearly succeeded.\'94\
\'93Nearly,\'94 he said with a shrug. \'93Horseshoes. Hand grenades.\'94\
\'93So, let me get this straight,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93Because I\'92m not entirely sure I follow your logic. The Society that has already made numerous attempts on our lives send us on a wild goose chase, set a zombie cockroach the size a cathedral on us, outfit it with two machine guns, and leave us for dead\'85and you don\'92t think that was an attempt to kill us?\'94\
\'93Exactly,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93I mean, I\'92m sure they would have been pleasantly surprised if the beast had put us down for good. But Dr. Tidkins is familiar with my abilities in the field, as he is with yours. He would have known the Beast would have been nothing more than a distraction,\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93A distraction,\'94 Miss Monday repeated.\
If his hypothesis was correct, what was the Society trying to accomplish while she and Mr. O were otherwise occupied?\
\'93That\'92s why we can\'92t afford any further delays. They\'92ve been killing my agents. And now they\'92re sending us on false missions. This might not have been an attempt on our lives, but it was certainly an effective way of getting rid of us. We need to get back there, now.\'94\
}