{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 He awoke late in the afternoon to a cacophony of crows cawing. He had slept in the attic, as he had been doing for the past few nights and would do for a few days more. Until the plan had been brought to fruition, it was too risky to stay overnight in his own home or even at the laboratory. This was the safest place for him now. His sleep had been almost catatonic. Last night when he\'92d laid down in bed, he had fallen into an instant slumber. And when he awoke, it was with vigour and excitement. With a rush of manic energy.\
The sound of crows filled him with a deep joy that could not easily be explained. The sound might have been perceived as shrill and bothersome by another man, the birds seen as pests. But to him, the birds were miraculous. Crows, he\'92d always believed, were surprisingly intelligent, and though they were scavengers they were every bit as majestic as any bird of prey. So the sound of their voices did not bother him. They roused him.\
He climbed out of bed, craving the chance to repeat yesterday night\'92s activities. The girl in the flower dress. If he could just bring her back, he could kill her all over again. Watch the life leave her cheeks. Smell the sour miasma of rot begin to overtake her. Feel her skin turn cold and pale and dry. See her limbs become stiff, her eyes turn white.\
Death, he thought. Death is the cure for life.\
And he was the doctor, administering the prescription. He would do it again. He needed to. But not now. Now, he needed to focus. There was still work to be done.\
He descended the staircase and heard the voices of the others. They had gathered in the caf\'e9 for tea and biscuits while he slept through the day, sweet dreams filling his head. Their chatter was animated, but it hushed to a whisper as he descended.\
He felt all eyes upon him as he entered the parlour. Only gentlemen present, excepting their hosts.\
There was a man on the table. Dead. Not unliving, but dead. He could tell at a glance that the man would transition shortly, but he was strapped down, so there was little cause for concern. The gentlemen were drinking tea, not paying the dead man any heed.\
\'93Who is he?\'94 he asked.\
One of the gentlemen looked at a sheet of paper to be sure. \'93R\'e9my Mills, maybe? One of Mr. O\'92s men anyway. One of the last. How did it go?\'94\
He nodded. Yes. He\'92d done it. He\'92d killed someone.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he said. \'93It went well. Very well.\'94\
He didn\'92t have to kill. They had others amongst them whose skills and interests were perhaps better suited for the task. And thugs were a dime a dozen. That wasn\'92t why they\'92d tasked him with the murder.\
They wanted to know that his conscience could handle it. That he would not back down when the time came. They were going to unleash the plague on London. If he couldn\'92t handle a simple murder, how could he handle that? And they couldn\'92t afford to have anyone back down. As Lord Connor had.\
He could sympathize. He hadn\'92t been sure he would be capable of it either. In fact, he\'92d been sure he would fail. It had gone better than expected. Much better. Not only had he done it; he\'92d revelled in it. But he kept that part to himself.\
\'93Good,\'94 they said. \'93Well done, Anthony.\'94\
He smiled. It felt good. The plan was coming together. Every day now fewer and fewer obstacles stood in their way.\
\'93What happened on the Thames?\'94 he asked.\
They were about to answer, but there was a knock at the door. The door opened and a man hurried through it. A giant of a man, with a rough face and dull, unintelligent eyes. Not cleanly shaven, not in the least handsome. The scars of a fighter marked his face.\
He was dragging another man behind him. He shoved the man into the caf\'e9 so that he stumbled into the crowd of gentlemen who were drinking their tea and chatting civilly.\
\'93Help me,\'94 he cried when he saw them. \'93Please, this ruffian\'97\'94 He broke off when he saw the body lying on the table. \'93R\'e9my,\'94 he said quietly.\
\'93Ah, that settles that then. We weren\'92t quite certain of his identity.\'94 The gentleman checked the list again. \'93That must make you\'85\'94 He ran his finger down the page. \'93Bartholomew White.\'94\
He didn\'92t answer. Just stared at them, open-mouthed, as the giant closed the door. \'93What is wrong with you people?\'94\
Anthony smiled at him, but he kept his silence. He turned his attention from Mr. White to the dead man called Mr. Mills. His eyes were open now. They\'92d been shut just moments earlier. Not one else seemed to have noticed, so he turned back to Mr. White.\
He offered him a gentle smile, reached out with his hand, and said, \'93Let me help you.\'94\
He took the gentleman by the hand, though he struggled, and dragged him across the room as Mills truly began to wake. Without warning, Mr. White drew a knife that was tucked into his trousers. But he\'92d played his last card too soon.\
\'93None of that,\'94 said Anthony, taking the knife from him.\
He pressed it against White\'92s throat, letting it nick his skin. It drew just a few beads of blood, which sent Mills into a frenzy. Anthony frowned. He hoped the unliving man\'92s straps would hold. The smell of the blood seemed to be driving him absolutely mad. He writhed, kicked, and fought against his restraints. But the straps held tight.\
Mills bared his teeth, slobbering like a rabid dog as his prey approached. Anthony dragged his captive across the floor, letting the knife dig into Mr. White\'92s skin whenever he resisted.\
When they reached the table, he pressed the knife hard into Mr. White\'92s neck, spilling blood on the floor. He gave a hard shove, sending the man sprawling toward the table. He stumbled hard, his hands grasping his slit throat and choking up blood as he ran into the table.\
Mills twisted violently upon the table, forcing his straps to their limit, as he reached out and seized his prey. White\'92s blood-thick screams were cut short as Mills tore into his throat, ripping out his trachea with sharp incisors.\
Still, the gentlemen drank their tea. Some of them clapped politely as if witnessing a scene in a particularly gruesome opera. Anthony smiled and took a bow.\
\'93They were both unharmed,\'94 said one of the gentlemen, abruptly.\
Anthony was high on the thrill of the kill, his good mood barely soured by the news. He ought to feel guilty. He\'92d always believed that every human life was precious. But that was what this was all about, wasn\'92t it? Saving lives? If Mr. O and his men wanted to interfere with that cause, they would pay the ultimate price. And Anthony refused to feel guilty about that.\
But it was strange. It wasn\'92t merely a lack of guilt that he felt. It was rapture. Utter, unbelievable ecstasy. What had happened to him? What was he becoming? Whatever it was, it didn\'92t matter, he realised. All that mattered was the plan.\
\'93But they took the girl. They took her body with them when they fled. They will get the message,\'94 said the gentleman.\
Anthony nodded, blood on his hands. He wiped his hands on his pants and put Mr. White\'92s knife down on a nearby table.\
\'93Well done, Anthony,\'94 said the gentleman.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 said Anthony, over the sound of the cannibal corpse, \'93Father.\'94}