{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 It would hardly have surprised anyone if Mr. Steen were to claim that vampires were real. If anything, his scepticism was surprising. Most people believed in them. Ghosts, vampires, werewolves. What reason did anyone have to doubt their existence? Really, it was only the upper classes and the highly educated that doubted such things, and Roderick was middle class at best.\
His father had been a policeman, and an alcoholic. Edward Steen had made a decent salary as a detective at Scotland Yard, in spite of his inability to refuse a glass of whiskey when one was proffered. He\'92d retired young, if retirement was the right word. The truth was that he\'92d drank himself out of a job. He still pursued a career as a detective, but as a consultant for hire, not entirely unlike Roderick. Roderick hadn\'92t seen his father in years, and almost never thought about him.\
Edward Steen 
\i was
\i0  superstitious. He believed that murderers were possessed by devils, that sin was a gateway for demons to cross over into our world. Perhaps that was exactly why Roderick was so steadfastly logical. Perhaps this was also why he never let a drop of liquor touch his lips. Edward Steen had also always preferred cats to dogs.\
But then, suppose an irrefutable fact presented itself, one which made superstition more logical than superstition. If truth must prevail, then Roderick was forced to consider that even myths have a foundation in truth.\
In short, there was every possibility that the men in the alley were vampires. The notion was unsettling, even if the conclusion was entirely logical in light of the evidence. Still, the women in the Tea House presented an even greater unknown. And that unknown element was more frightening than the known.\
But Roderick had wanted to wait for the opportune moment to make his exit. He\'92d hoped to leave without alerting them to his intention to flee, to run when they weren\'92t expecting him to do so. No such opportunity had presented itself, however, and so it seemed he\'92d squandered his chance. While they\'92d played their role as gracious hosts, offering him tea and information as if he was any ordinary customer who\'92d wandered into their Tea House, he\'92d known from the first moment he\'92d laid eyes on the spiders crawling on Clotho\'92s skin, that they would never let him leave voluntarily.\
Now, his arms and legs were bound, his mouth gagged, his eyes blindfolded. They\'92d taken Bailey from him, or so he guessed, as he could no longer hear his companion\'92s breath or feel his soft fur brushing up against his leg. Then they\'92d dragged him outside.\
With his eyes blindfolded, the only thing he could do was force himself to keep his breathing calm and quiet so he could listen for the dreadful moans of the undead. But the streets had gone quiet. Something had drawn the ghouls away.\
He could hear the clopping sound of horses, and the rolling wheels of a carriage moving slowly along the cobblestone. It rolled to a stop, and one of the doors was pulled open. A Brougham carriage, he guessed, judging by the number of horses that pulled it, and by the distinctive sound of glass windows, which rattled when the door swung open.\
He felt half a dozen hands, grabbing him. He was hoisted up, tossed roughly into the car. The strength of the hags was surprising. He landed uncomfortably, with his arms behind his back, his face slamming hard into the floor of the carriage. The door shut, and he tried to manoeuvre himself into a more manageable position, grunting with the effort.\
The awful taste of the gag in his mouth, the rough cloth upon his tongue, made him turn more violently. He strained against his bonds, tried to wiggle in the tight space on the floor between the seats, until he could sit up. He picked at the knots that bound his hands. To no avail. He couldn\'92t undo the knots. The rope was thick, and as sticky as spiderwebs. He could not even manage to get into a sitting position. Eventually he realised that his struggles were only making things worse.\
He was beginning to hyperventilate, breathing mostly through his nose, due to the gag in his mouth. The worst thing about it all though was the absence of his canine companion.\
He ought to be embarrassed. Captured by a gang of old women. But he\'92d foolishly left the house without a firearm or even a pocket knife. For all his brilliance as a detective, he could be truly thick sometimes. But he was getting nowhere by scolding himself. He had to remain focused if he was going to get out of this somehow.\
Two of the sisters sat on the rear-facing seat bench. This Roderick ascertained, or guessed rather, by sound alone. There was the most unusual noise coming from one of the sister\'92s robes. It might have been that his ears deceived him. He was disoriented, after all, by the blindfold over his eyes and the gag in his mouth. But he thought he heard the sound of 
\i hissing
\i0 .\
Lachesis then, he concluded, by process of elimination. He still had no idea what pets she kept beneath her robes, but it was neither spiders nor moths. And when he felt the disturbing itch of a spider crawling on his flesh, he knew that Clotho had taken the seat beside her. Which meant that Atropos must have taken the driver\'92s seat outside the cab. She cracked the whip, and the horse began to move.\
He had a million questions burning in his mind. Where were they headed? What had they done with Bailey? What were they going to do to him? If they were planning to kill him, why had they not simply done so already? If they were in league with the Resurrectionsts, why had they denied it? They had no reason to lie. But with the gag over his mouth, he was forced to keep his silence.\
\'93You\'92re wondering if we\'92re going to kill you,\'94 said Clotho, as if reading his mind.\
Already he\'92d learned to tell their voices apart. Though there was a similar rasp and a wheezing breathiness in each of the sister\'92s voices, Clotho spoke in the excited, rushed cadence of a young child, while Atropos spoke in a weary, bitter-sounding voice. Their was a coldness in her tone. Lachesis, meanwhile, had yet to utter a word, so he knew her by her silence.\
\'93We\'92re not the villains here,\'94 she said. Just as he was beginning to think she was a mute.\
Roderick might have laughed, if not for the gag in his mouth. No, they\'92d taken his dog, kidnapped him, and were obviously collaborating with the Resurrectionists, but they were not the villains.\
\'93I know how that must sound,\'94 she said. \'93But we aren\'92t going to kill you. We just want you to stay on your path.\'94\
\'93Shall I tell him?\'94 whispered Clotho, excitement in her voice.\
He heard Atropos\'92 voice from outside, rising above the wind and the rattling of the carriage. \'93Don\'92t,\'94 she said. \'93Don\'92t you dare.\'94\
How she\'92d heard Clotho\'92s quiet whisper from outside, Roderick couldn\'92t say, but Clotho merely laughed, delighted to have been overheard. Her whispered voice grew even quieter, so that even Roderick could barely hear her over the hissing sound of Lachesis\'92 robes. \'93Shall I tell him how he\'92ll die?\'94\
The question hung in the air, unanswered, but Roderick could imagine that a silent conversation was taking place, the sort of words that could be spoken with a familiar look between sisters. Eventually, Clotho relented. \'93Oh, you\'92re no fun,\'94 she said. \'93Well, Mr. Steen, it\'92s been a pleasure.\'94\
The carriage rolled to a stop. A moment later, he heard the swishing rustle of cloth and the sound of footsteps on paving stones. The door swung open, and the blindfold was ripped from Roderick\'92s face.\
Atropos stood before him, Bailey squirming in her arms. He took a moment to look around. The street was familiar.\
Lachesis and Clotho climbed out of the carriage, and with the assistance of their black-clad sister, roughly ejected Roderick from the car. While Clotho bent down to loosen the knots that bound his ankles, Atropos set Bailey on the ground. He yipped happily, jumping up and slobbering on his master.\
The moirae climbed back into the carriage, and with the crack of a whip, they were gone. Once Roderick had managed to work the ropes free from his hands, he was at last able to remove his gag.\
\'93Well, that was strange,\'94 he said.}