{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan hastened to keep pace with his friends, who had slipped between a pair of tall trees and slid down the muddy slope that led down to the river. His mother had warned him not to stray too far from the house, but Jonathan had never felt particularly inclined to listen to her, especially when doing so might interfere with an adventure.\
It was raining, as it often was, so the slope was slick, but Jonathan could hear his friends\'92 voices ahead of him. He pushed off at the top of the hill and let his momentum carry him down. He took off running when he reached the bottom, though the ground was just as slick there as it had been along the slope, and more than once he nearly lost his balance and tumbled into the mud. His mother would be furious. His clothes were ruined.\
The dots in the distance quickly resolved into the familiar shapes of his friends. Harry, the son of a butcher, who had earned a reputation for being somewhat of a bully and a tyrant. And James, whose father\'92s gruesome murder a few years after James\'92 birth had been the talk of the town for years, and who himself had become quite the clever pickpocket. Whether it was because of his father\'92s murder or some other cause, James hardly ever spoke a word, though Jonathan would often catch him in fits of laughter.\
He had been warned to stay away from this pair. His mother called them common. She used other names to describe them too, some of them less kind. Urchins, vandals, ruffians, scoundrels. Whatever she called them, it only made Jonathan want to spend more time with them, knowing how it drove her mad. Jonathan was supposed to be upper class, but he found other upper class children tiresome.\
At low tide the mud that lined the Thames was often tinted red by countless worms, which lived in the river. Harry, with a laugh, had bent down to scoop up a few handfuls of the reddened mud, unearthing dozens of these so-called blood worms, aptly named due to their reddish colour. Harry\'92s hands were coated in mud, some of which had slopped onto his trousers, not that anyone would notice the additional dirt. Harry lived in a constant state of filth. Blood worms wriggled in his hands.\
\'93Disgusting,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93What are they?\'94\
\'93Noodles,\'94 said Harry. With a laugh, he mimed eating them. Mud dripped from his hands, and some of the worms wriggled free and fell to the ground.\
Jonathan\'92s stomach churned.\
\'93I dare you to eat one,\'94 said James, suddenly.\
Jonathan and Harry both stared at him in silence. Harry recovered first. \'93Let John do it,\'94 he said, holding out his hands to Jonathan.\
James shrugged and looked at Jonathan.\
His expression must have been one of horror, but they were staring at him expectantly. Jonathan never turned away from a dare. His mother would wring his neck, of course, but he wasn\'92t about to back down. He didn\'92t wish to get any more dirt on his trousers though, so he was careful as he leaned forward and looked at the blood worms in Harry\'92s outstretched hands. He picked out the smallest one.\
\'93Alright,\'94 he said, forcing a smile.\
He lifted the worm above his head and opened his mouth. His stomach made a noise. James began giggling, while Henry started saying that he wasn\'92t going to do it, that he would chicken out.\
The worm dangling above his head, Jonathan looked at him in annoyance. Mud dripped onto his cheek, and he wiped it away with the back of his hand.\
\'93I\'92ll do it,\'94 he said defiantly. He raised the worm above his mouth again, tilted his head back, and opened wide. \'93Down the hatch,\'94 he said, and let the worm fall into his mouth.\
It wriggled in his mouth, tasting mostly of dirt, but he forced himself to swallow.\
It caught in his throat. Choking, he tried to cough it back up, but it was stuck there, somehow, balled up in his throat. Instinctively, his hands went to his throat, and he tried to force it back up.\
His breath came out in wet gurgles. His lungs began to ache. His friends were becoming hazy blotches of light. Dizzily, he reached out his hands, but they moved away from him.}