{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 There was a man with a bird\'92s face standing at the side of his bed. Behind him, a pale white boy with blonde hair, about his own age or perhaps a few years younger, stood against the wall, looking shyly back. Jonathan offered up a smile, but the boy cowered and looked away.\
He leaned back on his pillow and looked up at the man with the bird\'92s face. His face was made of dark leather, and it was strapped to his head with shiny brass buckles. He had glass lenses for eyes. A doctor, he realised. He\'92d seen pictures in books of doctors who would wear this style of mask in the times of the plague, although he never knew doctors still wore them.\
He tried to sit up but the doctor pressed a gloved hand against his chest and forced him back down. He was cold, feverishly cold, beneath the blankets. His bare chest was covered in sweat The doctor had a thermometer in his hand, but apparently he was done with examining it, so he placed it on the bedside table.\
Jonathan wanted to ask him what was happening, but his own voice sounded strange to him. Incoherent. Slurred. He had a vague recollection of choking on something. The blood worm. He remembered gradually losing consciousness, and he remembered the frightened faces of his friends as they turned and ran.\
He tried to sit up again, but was stopped once more by the doctor\'92s hand.\
\'93Restrain him,\'94 said the doctor. His voice sounded strange, too, filtered through the leather plague mask, but a moment later a servant entered the room with a set of leather straps in hand.\
Forgetting that the doctor\'92s hand was still pressed hard against his chest, Jonathan tried again to sit up, and when he met the resistance of the doctor\'92s hand, he grew more desperate in his need to sit. He grabbed at the doctor\'92s hand with his own, tried to pry his arm from his chest, but he was like an ant trying to force an elephant to budge.\
While the doctor pinned him down, the servant began to tie the straps around him, binding him in bed. Three straps, one around his waist, one around his legs, and now the servant moved to tie one around his chest. He snarled, and the girl stepped back in horror.\
She took a moment to catch her breath, which he\'92d startled out of her. When she recovered, she moved back to buckle the straps in place. She had to move in close in order to get them done up tight. She smelled like meat.\
He hadn\'92t realised how hungry he was, but the smell of her reminded him somehow of the smell of fresh meat. Her hands worked quickly, and she was almost finished with the buckle.\
Jonathan sat up, pushing through the resistance from the doctor\'92s hand. The doctor stumbled backward, caught by surprise and knocked off balance. But the serving girl was too slow in her reaction. So Jonathan sunk his teeth into her throat and clamped down. Blood spurted into his mouth as his teeth scraped through skin and dug into the meat in her neck.\
She was screaming, pressing down on her neck with both hands and stumbling about in confusion. The little boy standing behind the doctor was screaming, tears streaking down his face. Jonathan\'92s mother came bounding into the room, and when she took one look at Jonathan, strapped to the bed and chewing on the flesh of a serving girl, she started screaming too. But Jonathan had meat in his mouth, and it was warm and sweet. And he was smiling.}