{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 1819\'97Queen Victoria\'92s Birth\
1866\'97Mr. O\'92s Birth\
1868\'97Miss Monday\'92s Birth\
1871\'97Anthony Tidkins' Birth\
1878\'97Mr. O is infected by the unliving plague\
1879\'97Mr. O\'92s father, Mr. Grimmer, founds the Agency in order to fight the unliving plague, which started with his son\
1884\'97Dr. Allen begins work in military research, pursuing research into behaviour altering drugs used in voodoo to create zombies\
1885\'97Dr. Karnstein and Dr. Tidkins first meet, learning that they share a common interest in researching the unliving plague. He introduces her to his father, Dr. Allen.\
1888\'97Several Whitechapel prostitutes are attacked and killed by unliving men. The Agency hires one of their writers to cover up the attacks. He concocts a story about a murderer he calls Jack The Ripper.\
1889\'97Dr. Allen begins experimenting with the behaviour-altering drugs he discovered during his research on zombies.\
1889\'97Miss Monday and Anthony Tidkins meet Mircalla Karnstein in Haiti\
1890\'97Oscar Wilde\'92s The Picture of Dorian Gray is published. It quickly becomes Miss Monday\'92s favourite novel.\
1890\'97Dr. Allen, having taken his own drugs, begins experimenting on unwilling research participants, killing them in the process and publicly displaying the results of his experiments. The military denies he ever worked for them; he goes into hiding.\
1890\'97Dr. Karnstein and Dr. Tidkins return to England with renewed enthusiasm for their research. Despite the unhinged mind of his father, Dr. Tidkins convinces Dr. Karnstein that his father\'92s research is crucial to their own success. They formally found the Society of Immortals.\
1890\'97Mr. Sinews meets Dr. Karnstein, who then learns of his obsession with Dr. Allen and begins plotting to frame him for her murder\
1890\'97Meeting at the Moirae Caf\'e9\'97Mr. O, Parson Sinews, Henry Ocelot, Anthony Tidkins\
1890\'97Dr. Karnstein uses the unliving plague to kill her twin sister, believing she may later manage to find a cure. She displays her sister\'92s body publicly, in the style of one of Dr. Allen\'92s victims, and frames Parson Sinews for the murder.\
1890\'97Parson Sinews is blamed for Dr. Allen\'92s murders and is quietly dragged off to the Prison of Secrets. While Sinews knows \'93too much,\'94 and is known to be innocent, Dr. Karnstein has fallen in love with him, and wishes to keep him alive.\
1890\'97Dr. Karnstein goes into hiding with the Society, keeping her sister\'92s body as well-preserved as possible.\
1891\'97Mr. O\'92s father is killed in the line of duty; Mr. O takes over at the Agency\
1892\'97Upon his return to London, Dr. Tidkins accepts a job, working for Mr. O\
1897\'97Lord Connor joins the Society of Immortals\
1897\'97Dr. Allen becomes ill. The Society must move their plan forward if they hope to save him.\
1897\'97The Society of Immortals begins killing Mr. O\'92s Agents, believing the Agency may be the only thing that could get in the way of their plan\
1898\'97Lord Connor is asked to prove his loyalty by infecting Mr. O. He refuses, so they kill him with the unliving plague, hoping he may manage to infect Mr. O unintentionally.\
1898\'97Miss Monday meets Mr. O, who tells her what he has learned about the Society of Immortals, hoping she will help him to stop the Society of Immortals\
1898\'97The Society fails to infect either Miss Monday or Mr. O with the unliving plague, so they are unable to test their theory\'97that some people may show a certain resistance to the plague\'97but time is running out (Dr. Allen is dying), so they decide to move to go ahead with the plan anyway. They unleash the unliving plague on the city of London, even before their cure is ready.\
1901\'97Parson Sinews escapes the Prison of Secrets and seeks to discover why he was sent there in the first place.\
1901\'97Roderick Steen is hired by the government to find and capture Mr. Sinews\'97who he at first believes is Dr. Allen. \
1901\'97Steen eventually uncovers a conspiracy that runs deep through the British government. The Society of Immortals has promised immortality to Queen Victoria herself and to the upper echelons of British society; in return, the Society\'92s activities are sanctioned by the corrupt government. Dr. Allen\'92s murders, the unleashing of the unliving plague\'97all were sanctioned by the government in exchange for eternal life. Queen Victoria in reality died in 1901, but in this alternate history, her life may be spared by the unliving plague and its cure.}