{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Bells jingled from the doorway, announcing the arrival of a newcomer. The conversation quickly died on the lips of all but one, who continued his speech uninterrupted. With that singular exception, everyone turned to see a very damp Dr. Tidkins shuffling through the doorway and shedding his jacket. The temporary lull in conversation was filled with the noise of Tidkins wiping his rain-soaked feet on the mat in the doorway in a half-hearted show of politeness, and with the drunken slur of Mr. Steen's tirade. Pardoning himself for the interruption and for his tardiness, Dr. Tidkins shook the hand of each of the gentlemen at the table, not excepting the uninterruptible Mr. Steen, and finally took his seat.\
\'93Terribly sorry,\'94 he began, \'93I must have hired half a hundred cabs before I found a driver who would admit to the existence of this god-forsaken street. Might I ask, whose idea was it that we meet here, of all places?\'94\
\'93No apology necessary. Punctuality is a flaw of character; it requires that responsibilities take precedence over idle pleasures. And there is nothing as intolerable as self denial. Therefore I will not stand for punctuality, if it can be avoided.\'94\
\'93Mr. Tidkins, have you met Mr. Sinews?\'94 asked Mr. Grimmer, referring to the man who had spoken \'96 a handsome man with an ivory-white complexion and thickly lashed eyes, an irrepressible grin plastered on his face that suggested an ironic or perhaps sardonic sense of humor. \'93It is by his invitation that we\'92ve convened here.\'94\
\'93A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Sinews,\'94 Tidkins replied without the necessary inflection to suggest even a modicum of sincerity.\
\'93Please, call me Parson,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Parson by name, not profession.\'94\
\'93Then you\'92re not of the religious persuasion?\'94 Tidkins queried, with irony enough in his inflection to counter Parson\'92s own. \'93How surprising,\'94 he muttered under his breath.\
Mr. Grimmer coughed. \'93Mr. Sinews, as you may know, is the head of this organisation. And I believe he was just about to inform us of the purpose of this meeting,\'94 he said.\
\'93And, Mr. Sinews, for once spare us the gruesome details, if you please. I do hope to be able to keep my dinner,\'94 warned Mrs. Hatton. An age-spotted finger wagged in his direction, though Mrs. Hatton was all smiles.\
Mr. Sinews grinned. \'93The world craves the grotesque. Those who pretend otherwise only deceive themselves,\'94 he said.\
\'93Very amusing, Mr. Sinews,\'94 said Grimmer, \'93As always.\'94\
\'93I do aim to please,\'94 said Mr. Sinews. He paused to accept a refill of his drink. Unlike the majority of the gentlemen, Mr. Sinews was not drinking tea. He and Steen alone were drinking absinthe, and they were drinking it quite heavily, in spite of the fact that this was a tea house and not a pub. Their hosts had graciously provided beverages that were not on the menu. They had also closed and locked the front door and placed a sign in the window, which read \'93Closed.\'94\
\'93The story takes place here, on Allen\'92s Street,\'94 Mr. Sinews began, \'93A street so named both for and by the doctor who was supposed to have practiced here. But forgive me. I\'92m sure you already know this. After all, it is the reason for our mutual acquaintanceship.\'94\
His eyes swept over the room. All eyes were on him now. Even Steen had quieted to listen. Including himself, there were five gentlemen at the table: Anthony Tidkins, Edward Steen, Jonathan Grimmer, and Henry Ocelot, with the addition of Mrs. Marianne Hatton. It was a curious fellowship. That much could not be denied.\
Seated to Sinews\'92 left, there was Henry Charles Ocelot, a businessman of ill repute but considerable wealth. The former Haitian slave and plantation worker had rough skin and scars covering most of his night-black face. The man\'92s thickly muscled neck was adorned with a necklace of brass-painted bone. His right eye was red as blood\'97even the whites of his eye were red. When he smiled, it revealed a set of yellowing teeth, many of them chipped or filled with gold.\
The man could easily have been mistaken for a pirate, but in truth, the man was the owner of several establishments where a man might indulge himself in any number of deadly sins. For example, Mr. Ocelot had somehow managed to produce documents which supported his claim of being a legitimate pharmacist; his customers and clients were his patients, and they affectionately dubbed him The Apothecary. And in return, he doled out prescriptions for opium and cocaine\'97for a price, of course. Prostitution and gambling were also among his business ventures, and Ocelot was a genius at business, marketing, and against all odds avoiding around inconveniences like legality, morality, and the fact that he was a former Haitian slave.\
Still, despite Ocelot\'92s business practices and appearances, the man himself was the perfect gentleman. Articulate, intelligent, and sharp-witted, he had a voice that was rich and deep but utterly smooth.\
\'93Mr. H.C. Ocelot,\'94 said Sinews, gesturing to the man, \'93I\'92m sure that most everyone here knows you, if not by association then at least by reputation. But what they surely don\'92t realize is your interest in the matter at hand.\'94\
Mr. Ocelot scanned the room. \'93Do you know how I got these scars?\'94 he asked in his booming voice.\
A moment or two of uncomfortable silence passed, during which no one, not even Mr. Sinews, even considered answering the question. Sinews calmly sipped the sweet anise-flavoured liquor. Surely, everyone could guess at the answer to Ocelot\'92s question.\
Immediately adjacent to Ocelot was Edward Steen. Steen, despite the degree of his intoxication and his utter lack of manners, was a man of considerably better reputation than Ocelot. He was not a gentleman, exactly, but he did work for Scotland Yard. He was not a police officer, per se, but due to his thorough knowledge on the subject of criminal psychology, he was often called upon as a civilian detective. Of course, he demanded a sizeable fee for his efforts, so he was only called in for especially difficult cases that the police couldn\'92t handle on their own. He also made himself available as an expert witness in court, also for a price. His interest in the matter was a bit more obvious and was scarcely worth mentioning.\
\'93What exactly is your profession, Mr. Steen?\'94 Sinews asked, taking the attention from Ocelot and bringing up what he knew to be a touchy subject.\
By way of answer, Steen merely held out a finger, directed it vaguely in the direction of Sinews\'92 face, and fixed him with the most threatening of frowns that he could muster. He held that pose until Sinews was finally forced to answer his own question.\
\'93You\'92ve called yourself a \'91Consulting Detective,\'92 on many occasions, haven\'92t you? I must imagine that to be somewhat similar to the work of a police officer, with the exception that you are not directly on Scotland Yard payroll and are therefore at leisure to accept any case that strikes your fancy. Is that not correct?\'94 Being not contradicted by anything other than Steen lowering his finger and swallowing the last of his glass of absinthe, a gesture which most likely indicated agreement, Sinews continued. \'93I would wager, however, that your interest in the matter is purely recreational and not by contract with the police.\'94\
Again, Steen made no contradiction but instead began to shout for the waiter to refill his cup, sparing no use of foul language.\
\'93I might also point out that as you are not operating as an official agent of the police, that prevents you from making any arrests, but allows you to circumvent issues of jurisdiction that might otherwise hinder your investigation. Your role often involves dredging up evidence, in any way you can. That might even include fabricating or planting evidence. Is that correct?\'94\
Still, Steen's silent treatment continued, and Sinews had to wonder if the man had even heard a word he\'92d said.\
Finally, when his drink had been filled again, he broke his silence. \'93I solved the case of Jack The Ripper,\'94 he said.\
Mr. Sinews grinned. \'93Come again?\'94\
\'93I said I solved the case of Jack The Ripper,\'94 he said, loudly, and stifling a belch.\
\'93Well,\'94 said Tidkins, \'93Let\'92s hear it then.\'94\
Steen snorted. \'93You don\'92t believe me,\'94 he said, \'93I can see that. But I\'92ll tell you this. It was easy to crack the case. Easy.\'94\
Dr. Tidkins leaned forward. \'93Consider my interest piqued,\'94 he said.\
\'93Jack The Ripper wasn\'92t a madman. He was a psychopath. And there\'92s a big difference between mad and psychopathic.\'94\
\'93There is?\'94\
\'93Jack The Ripper had the irresistible urge to kill. He couldn\'92t help himself. But he was clever, and he didn\'92t want to get caught. That\'92s why he picked his victims out of Whitechapel. Prostitutes.\'94\
Mrs. Hatton gasped at the word, as if it was profane.\
\'93Ladies of the night,\'94 he amended, with a nod in her direction, \'93People who wouldn\'92t be too terribly missed when they went missing.\'94\
\'93There were, if I am not mistaken,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93A series of letters written by the ripper himself and sent to members of the police. One letter in particular, as I understand, contained one of the kidneys of the murdered women, the other kidney apparently having been fried and eaten by the killer. This does not strike me as the work of a man who wishes to remain anonymous.\'94\
\'93Doesn\'92t it?\'94 said Steen, \'93No, I suppose not. The truth is that most of the letters claiming to be from Jack The Ripper were the inauthentic scribblings of the media, wishing to drum up interest in the case. Attention-seeking journalist scum\'97no offence, Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
\'93But the letter with the kidney,\'94 said Tidkins.\
\'93That letter, I would guess, was authentic. See, the Ripper did not want to be caught. But he did want to brag. He wanted the world to know what he\'92d done. Murderers. Psychopaths anyway, they\'92re just like us; they crave power, above all else. But unlike ordinary folks, what makes them feel powerful is murder. The power to end someone\'92s life. The power to inspire terror. And the power to get away with it.\'94\
\'93But Jack The Ripper,\'94 Tidkins persisted, \'93You claim he did not get away. You claim you caught him.\'94\
\'93Yes, well, I caught him too late. Jack The Ripper, as I said, killed out of compulsion. And yet, after a series of increasingly brutal murders and an increasingly public profile, he just disappeared. Stopped killing. How do you suppose that happens? You think he just quit, cold turkey?\'94\
\'93You liken murder to addiction, Mr. Steen?\'94\
\'93Yes, Mr. Tidkins, I do.\'94\
\'93In that case, I would suppose what you\'92re saying is that Anthony was arrested for some other crime, assault with sodomitic intent or petty theft or what have you, and was hanged without ever being suspected of those most heinous crimes.\'94\
\'93Precisely,\'94 said Steen.\
\'93Mrs. Hatton?\'94 Sinews said, promptly dropping his interest in Steen, much to Steen\'92s immense annoyance.\
\'93Well?\'94 Steen interrupted.\
\'93Mr. Steen, I believe you may be quite right, but your hypothesis can hardly be called original. Nonetheless your gift for criminal assessment and reasonable deduction may be useful in solving the at-present unsolved case at hand. If I may, for the moment, persuade you to extend Mrs. Hatton the same courtesy as she has done for you, by sitting quietly and hearing her story, I would be much obliged.\'94\
Sinews smiled, and Steen begrudgingly quieted down.\
Mrs. Hatton was the eldest in the company, a woman nearing fifty years of age who had the appearance of a woman no younger than sixty. Widowed several times over by a multitude of gentlemen half again twice her age and wealth, she was now dressed like a woman born into poverty and recently bestowed with richness. She was dressed garishly in the latest fashions and jewelry but with no understanding of style or accessorizing. Her cheeks were brightly blushed, and she wore a shade of bright pink around her eyes. Even to dine, she refused to remove her hat, a broad peacock feathered wide-brimmed chapeau which sat on an angle atop her greying auburn locks.\
\'93As you well know, gentlemen,\'94 she said, fixing her gaze only on Sinews, \'93I have ever been a victim of circumstance. And as you further know, society loves to blame the victim. I am not, as rumour would have you believe, a gold-digging murderess, intent on my husbands\'92 fortunes. But I have been abused with that notion; I have received every sort of punishment short of being locked away, for these crimes I am supposed to have committed. I have been outcast, nay, banished, from popular society\'97a pariah. I have long known the truth of my husbands\'92 deaths, even witnessed some of them, but I have always lacked the evidence to corroborate my claims. That is my goal. That is my interest in the matter.\'94\
Having offered the most thorough, albeit melodramatic bordering on false, justification thus far, Mrs. Hatton settled back into her chair until she was comfortable again, and returned her attention to her tea.\
\'93Mrs. Hatton,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, coughing politely. \'93You know I hate to be contradictory, so I am most aggrieved to have to say this. You know what I always say. Honesty is a dreadful thing. One should never be honest. One should always be fanciful. The best things in life are always full of fancy. Still, just this once, I must ask you to be truthful. It is essential that we have all the facts.\
\'93Mr. Sinews, I would never\'85\'94\
\'93Please, Mrs. Hatton.\'94\
\'93Oh, alright then,\'94 she complained, \'93Well, the truth is, my first husband was not a wealthy man. And he was not an older man either. He was a clever man though, a doctor and an inventor from a very young age. He was never a cruel man, even in his work. He was not the sort of man to do the sort of things that\'85well, you know what I mean. I would never have suspected he could be capable of the sorts of things we\'92re here to discuss. But there are certain similarities between my husband and this Dr. Allen, which cannot be ignored.\'94\
\'93For example?\'94\
Mrs. Hatton sipped her tea, found it unsatisfying, and squeezed more lemon into it,\
\'93When he was working as a doctor, he wore a mask over his face. A leather bird\'92s face, like the plague doctors used to wear.\'94\
Mr. Sinews nodded. There was a collective look of understanding amongst everyone present.\
\'93He believed his patients would feel more comfortable with a doctor in a mask than a doctor who was seventeen years of age.\'94\
\'93He was\'97\'94\
\'93When he first started practicing medicine, yes,\'94 said Mrs. Hatton. \'93As I said, this was my first marriage. We were of an age.\'94\
\'93And this husband of yours,\'94 Mr. Sinews urged, \'93Was he called Allen?\'94\
 \'93Not at the time,\'94 she conceded, \'93No. But it\'92s possible he may have changed it, since then. His name was Jim, or rather, Dr. James Vane.\'94\
\'93Mrs. Hatton,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, as gently as he could manage, \'93What happened to your husband?\'94\
\'93He vanished,\'94 she said, \'93Disappeared without a trace.\'94\
After thanking Mrs. Hatton for her answer, Mr. Sinews turned to Mr. Grimmer.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer, as you know, gentlemen,\'94 he began by way of introduction, \'93Is a reporter. His interest should therefore be obvious, but perhaps Mr. Grimmer can elaborate?\'94\
John Grimmer was a young man, by far the youngest present. He was tall, fit, and boasted a well-manicured moustache. If any sort of reputation preceded him, it was limited solely to the world of journalism. However, he was the only man present who bridged the gap between all those in the fellowship. There was not a man or woman here who did not know him.\
\'93I cannot, Mr. Sinews,\'94 he replied, \'93I wish that I could, but I\'92m afraid that is the sum of it. Then again, I don\'92t think it\'92s relevant but I suppose I should mention, I\'92m a journalist by birth, not by interest. My father was a journalist as well, and he now owns and operates Grimmer And Sons Literary Agency and Printing Press.\'94\
\'93Sons?\'94 Mr. Sinews asked.\
\'93Sounds better than Grimmer and Son, I suppose.\'94\
\'93You ought to have been called Grimmer and Grimmer,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
Mr. Grimmer laughed. \'93At any rate, I\'92m an only child. Anyway, he mainly prints newspapers and cheap horror stories: penny dreadfuls and dime novels. Nothing of real literary or journalistic merit. Still, I\'92m to take over the business when my father retires.\'94\
Sinews nodded. Once again he returned his attention, briefly, to the drink in front of him. He took another sip, not paying it much attention, and discovered he\'92d already emptied his glass. He raised his hand for the waiter.\
\'93And Dr. Tidkins, that leaves only you,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, turning his attention to the newcomer while he waited for his drink. \'93I\'92m afraid that Dr. Tidkins and I have not previously been acquainted. Perhaps an introduction is in order.\'94\
\'93Forgive me for contradicting you, Parson, but you are quite wrong on both accounts. First, you have yet to explain your own interest in the matter. Second, we have in fact met before, on two separate occasions. Our first meeting was brief. It was in Paris. You and I had attended a performance of Hamlet and later happened to meet at the same gentleman\'92s club. You criticized the performance, calling it the most \'91singularly disappointing performance of Hamlet that you had ever had the displeasure of witnessing.\'92 I disagreed, calling you an impudent and ignorant swine, and informed you that you wouldn\'92t recognize a brilliant performance if it sprouted a cock and buggered you senseless.\'94\
Mrs. Hatton nearly spilt her drink at that, as she made a show of pretending to faint.\
Tidkins continued, while Grimmer supported the lady as she fluttered a paper fan in front of her face.\
\'93Our second encounter was more recent but equally brief and just as infuriating. It was at the opera; I was not performing, of course, but attending as a member of the audience. Apparently an acquaintance of yours had spilt a glass of wine in your booth, and mistaking me for servant, you demanded that I clean up the spill. When I informed you that I was not working but attending the opera with my friends and associates, you insulted my wardrobe and offered me a couple of coins to clean the booth just the same.\'94\
Sinews smiled throughout the entirety of Dr. Tidkins' speech. When it was concluded, he replied, \'93Please forgive me, Dr. Tidkins. My memory increasingly fails me as I grow older. I\'92m terribly sorry to say that I have no recollection whatsoever of either incident, though I\'92m sure you have the right of it. That does indeed sound like the old me. I must tell you, however, that my manners have been greatly changed over the last few months. I\'92m sure you\'92ll find my manners considerably less\'97\'94\
\'93Deplorable?\'94 said Grimmer.\
\'93Condescending,\'94 Sinews suggested, amiably.\
\'93Mr. Sinews has met a woman,\'94 Mrs. Hatton explained.\
\'93Not just any woman, mind you,\'94 Sinews added.\
\'93Love changes a man,\'94 Mrs. Hatton said, \'93It is love, isn\'92t it, Parson? I can tell, just by looking at you, that you\'92ve changed. You\'92re less\'97\'94\
\'93Smug,\'94 Grimmer suggested.\
\'93Sarcastic,\'94 said Mrs. Hatton, \'93Less insincere.\'94\
\'93Unfortunately,\'94 Sinews admitted, \'93Yes. It is love.\'94\
\'93Unfortunately?\'94 Mrs. Hatton exclaimed. \'93What is that supposed to mean, exactly?\'94\
The waiter finally arrived. After filling the glass half full with absinthe, he placed a cube of sugar onto the perforated spoon atop the glass and slowly filled the rest of the glass with ice cold water, allowing the sugar to dissolve into the drink as he poured. When he finished, Mr. Steen shouted for him to do the same with his own glass.\
\'93I\'92m all for romance,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93It\'92s love I\'92m against. Love makes moths of us all. None are safe from its flames.\'94\
\'93Yes, yes,\'94 Mrs. Hatton murmured, \'93And we are all bound to get burned. Poppycock. You haven\'92t lived if you haven\'92t loved, I say.\'94\
\'93Whatever your romantic or philosophical inclinations,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93My point is that love is not a choice. It is a feeling, and one that is impossible to ignore, whether you\'92d want to or not. At any rate, Dr. Tidkins, to answer your question, my interest is purely recreational. You see, I consider myself a sort of collector.\'94\
\'93What sort?\'94\
\'93Much like our friend the detective.\'94 Sinews indicated Mr. Steen, who had already swallowed the best of his newly filled glass of absinthe, and who objected to Sinews\'92 use of the word \'91friend\'92 to describe their relationship. \'93I have a fascination with mysteries, though I have little interest in the literary sort. I prefer true stories. Any mystery will do, so long as it is particularly perplexing, sufficiently bizarre, and above all -\'94\
\'93Grotesque,\'94 Grimmer finished.\
\'93Quite right,\'94 said Sinews, and he muttered, \'93Though I wish you would give me leave to finish my own sentences.\'94\
\'93The world craves the grotesque,\'94 Grimmer said, in perfect imitation of Mr. Sinews\'92 earlier remarks.\
\'93That\'92s why we\'92re here, really,\'94 Sinews said, \'93All of us. Despite what we might claim. That we wish to vindicate ourselves of accusations of murder; that we are pursuing a quest for vengeance; that we are investigating a story as a journalist; a crime as a consulting detective. The truth of our interests could not be more plain. We share an interest in the morbid, the grotesque, the macabre.\'94\
Mrs. Hatton harrumphed at this suggestion, and Steen righted himself from his slouched position in his chair and launched another verbal tirade against Mr. Sinews. When the speech was concluded, he slumped back into his seat, closed his eyes and appeared to sleep.\
\'93Whatever you say, Parson, I shudder to think that your disposition has been improved by the love of a woman. What sort of man does that imply you must have been previous to the amelioration?\'94\
\'93You find me cynical, Dr. Tidkins?\'94 Sinews asked.\
\'93Disgustingly so.\'94\
\'93On the contrary,\'94 Sinews argued, \'93I am quite optimistic. I have the utmost faith that we will find exactly what we are looking for."\
\'93Death, grotesqueness, and morbidity, you mean?\'94 muttered Tidkins.\
\'93In abundance,\'94 he said.}