{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Allow me to explain,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, taking yet another sip of absinthe, \'93And please forgive me if I dredge up details with which you are already familiar. This will all go more smoothly if I make the assumption of your ignorance.\
\'93The truth of the doctor\'92s origins are widely disputed. As Grimmer can surely tell you, most newspapers would have you believe that he was initially hired as a military scientist, charged with the responsibility of creating war-winning soldiers whose very bodies and minds were both chemically and surgically altered. This operation was crown-sanctioned but under the direction of the doctor, quickly got out of hand. The doctor was relieved of his position and was sentenced to be tried for his crimes. There are certain discrepancies among every report you\'92ll read, but the truth, as far as I can surmise, is that Doctor George Allen was merely the scapegoat for an operation which went exactly as planned.\'94\
Mrs. Hatton objected loudly, and Steen suggested that Parson be hanged for treason for the suggestion. Sinews ignored them both and continued.\
\'93A penny dreadful by the name of The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street, claims that the doctor was rejected from the gates of hell and sent back to practice experimental surgical procedures on unwilling participants.\
\'93What the newspapers, the urban legends, and the penny dreadfuls always agree upon is the result of his experiments. His subjects \'96 victims, if you will \'96 were displayed publicly, like trophies, at various landmark locations, laid out at night and left to be discovered the next morning. The fact of their public exhibition is of course the exception to my hypothesis, that everything went according to plan. Why Allen felt the need to display his experiments publicly is a matter of speculation. One theory, and the one to which I had until recently subscribed, suggests that Dr. Allen was nothing more than a pawn in a grand scheme, his experimentation went against his principles, and he felt compelled to expose his manipulators, divulge himself of his hideous secrets and atone for his heinous sins.\
\'93However, I have come up with another theory. As I said, Dr. Allen was tasked with creating an army of superior soldiers, using both surgical and pharmaceutical technologies. When I began my research into Dr. Allen\'92s activities, I stumbled across a subject that at first seemed to bear no relevance to the case, but which upon further consideration I realized was absolutely critical in understanding Dr. Allen\'92s motives.\
\'93Mr. Ocelot, are you familiar with the term 
\i houngan
\i0 ?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Ocelot, \'93A 
\i houngan
\i0  is a sorceror, a practitioner of dark magic.\'94\
\'93Hm,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93I have heard it said that occasionally science is indistinguishable from magic.\'94\
\'93You\'92re saying\'85?\'94\
\'93The story I read about a particular 
\i houngan
\i0 , living in Haiti, apparently involved bringing a man back from the dead. However, when the man returned to life he was subject to the whims of the sorceror\'97forced to do his bidding. The resurrected man, according to the man who penned this particularly interesting article, was not under a 
\i vodou
\i0  spell, but had been poisoned with a particularly potent powder: a concoction involving the neurotoxins of a pufferfish, which can induce a death-like state convincing enough to fool even the most scrutinous of doctors. The other ingredients in that powder were behaviour-altering drugs. Pharmaceutical powders which could induce susceptibility to suggestion, cause delirium and cause memories to vanish from the victim\'92s mind.\
\'93After reading the article, I wondered, perhaps this was the sort of thing Dr. Allen had been experimenting with. Would not a zombie make a perfect soldier? A man with no memories and no free will of his own, a soldier who would blindly follow the orders of his general?\
\'93I hypothesized that not only had Dr. Allen concocted such a drug, but that it, or something like it, had been used on the doctor himself. After refusing to continue with his heinous experimentations, he was slipped enough of the drugs to cause compliance. However, his behaviour was also altered. He became something quite unlike his former self. Something inhuman. He began to conduct his experiments again with renewed interest and enthusiasm, even going so far as to display his accomplishments proudly and publicly.\
\'93At any rate, whatever his reasons were, his subjects were most grotesquely vivisected and given all sorts of unusual prosthetics. Limbs would be severed from the bodies and surgically reattached using a highly sophisticated system of brass and copper mechanisms: cogs and gears, levers and pulleys. Often, even the patient\'92s head would be detached and later reassembled with pistons and springs in place of a neck. The face would be surgically altered as well, sometimes with animal bones and parts sewn on to the victim\'92s face; the dreadful\'92s horrific climax depicts one occasion during which the beak of a falcon was sewn over the victim\'92s mouth and a pair of clocks was lodged in the sockets of the victim\'92s eyes.\
\'93In each case, huge sections of skin would be stripped to reveal in place of human organs a complex machine. At the slightest provocation \'96 a light touch, or even the stirring of the breeze caused by a curious passerby\'92s proximity \'96 there would be a whirring of gears as the clockwork abomination came to life.\
\'93The victim, dead and smelling of formalin, would open his mouth or in some cases beak and play back a message, using the technology of Thomas Edison\'92s phonograph.\
\'93The message would be recorded onto a wax cylinder, its crank turned by clockwork machinery, the phonograph\'92s horn hidden within the subject\'92s flesh. Using a system of winches and pistons, the automaton\'92s mouth would be animated like a puppet, choreographed to move synchronously with the recorded message. The impression, of course, is that the victim has come back to life to deliver a message from beyond the grave.\
\'93According to legend, the messages are clues; each message has been transcribed in the police records kept at Scotland Yard. The writer of the Penny Dreadful to which I alluded earlier was somewhat inventive as to the contents of the messages and suggested they were musings of the demonic leader of a satanic cult.\
\'93In truth, the messages led the police to the discovery of the killer\'92s identity, that of Dr. Allen. Unfortunately, they also discovered that Dr. Allen was a pseudonym, that the original documentations and qualifications provided to the army upon hiring him for his scientific expertise were entirely falsified, including but not limited to the doctor\'92s actual address. He had provided his own age and name as his address \'96 44 Allen\'92s Street. To add further insult, it was soon discovered that Allen\'92s Street did not appear on any map; officially, Allen\'92s Street did not exist.\'94\
\'93And yet, here we are,\'94 said Mr. Tidkins.\
\'93On a street that doesn\'92t exist,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Yes. Some say the story is merely a folk tale, concocted by mothers hoping to dissuade their children from wandering down unknown streets. \'91Careful,\'92 they say, \'91Wander off, and you may end up on Allen\'92s Street.\'92\
\'93As you know, Doctor Allen has yet to be found. And many of the details of the story may be embellished if not entirely fabricated. And yet a great number of points are entirely verifiable facts. At the very least, we now know that his street does indeed exist.\'94\
\'93A chilling story, Mr. Sinews,\'94 said Mrs. Hatton, \'93Absolutely chilling. You have such a way with words. You ought to be a writer.\'94\
\'93Alas,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93If only I had the imagination.\'94\
Mrs. Hatton laughed, but Sinews remained stoic. As the hour was growing late, it was decided that the group would convene again at a later date. For the moment, they began to collect their umbrellas and their coats and say their goodbyes.\
Mr. O lingered a while longer, in order to have a brief word with the hostesses.}