{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 When all but Parson Sinews had departed, they emerged from the darkest corner of the room.\
\'93Did you find everything to your satisfaction?\'94 asked Atropos, her voice painfully harsh and raspy, like the voice of a sick person.\
Dressed in old-fashioned dark, billowing robes with a hood that obscured most of her age-wizened face, Atropos was almost nun-like in appearance. It was difficult to get a good look at her face, the way she positioned herself as if deliberately avoiding the light.\
\'93Of course he did,\'94 said Lachesis, not giving Sinews the chance to answer for himself. \'93We\'92ve plied him with alcohol, and waited on his friends hand and foot.\'94\
Like Atropos, Lachesis seemed to dwell in the darkest parts of the room. Turning away from him momentarily, she began to dim the oil lamps and blow out the candles that lit the room. She too was dressed in robes, though hers were white. Her face, when he caught a glimpse of it, was wrinkled with age as well, though not as severely as was her sister\'92s. Likewise, her voice was grating and sickly, but not to the degree of Atropos\'92.\
\'93Let the man answer for himself,\'94 said Clotho. \'93How was everything, Parson? Did ya have a good time? Not really the best of company, eh? That Ocelot guy. Gives me the heebie jeebies.\'94\
Clotho, who was dressed more similarly to Lachesis, in white robes, likewise avoided the light parts of the room, and covered her face with her hood, but when Sinews did catch a glimpse of her face, it did not seem at all altered by the effects of time. Her voice, unlike that of her sisters, was melodious and clear and almost jubilant by contrast with the sombre tone of Atropos and the middle tone of Lachesis.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 he said, addressing the eldest sister by way of respect, \'93We do appreciate you keeping your shop open to us after hours. Everything has been perfect.\'94\
\'93Then why do you linger?\'94 asked Atropos. \'93Your friends are gone. You have nothing about which to complain. There must be something else that you want.\'94\
\'93Oh, you don\'92t think he just fancies our company?\'94 said Clotho.\
\'93You are very astute,\'94 said Mr. Sinews. His usually cool demeanour, his sardonic smile, faltered in the presence of the three sisters. All of his useless aphorisms, 
\i honesty is a dreadful thing
\i0 , 
\i love makes moths of us all
\i0 . It suddenly seemed like foolish nonsense. Suddenly he questioned his foolhardy mission. Capturing the nefarious Dr. Allen, was he serious? The others, they all had their reasons, but Sinews, he was just a rich man with a fascination with the macabre. All of his ridiculous expostulations on the identity of the killer, it was just showboating, wasn\'92t it? It was his overbearing egotism, his arrogance, hubris even.\
Suddenly he realised that he\'92d been looking into the eyes of Atropos. Without his noticing, she\'92d removed her hood. She\'92d held his gaze without blinking. He quickly looked away.\
\'93It\'92s just\'85\'94 he began. \'93Can I really do what I\'92ve promised? Can I really track down this Dr. Allen? To be entirely honest, I haven\'92t the slightest idea of where to begin.\'94\
\'93That\'92s not really what you\'92re asking though, is it?\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93I suppose not,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Can you tell me\'97\'94\
\'93No,\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93No?\'94\
\'93The answer to your question,\'94 said Atropos, her voice as cold as a metal pole on a winter\'92s day, \'93Is no.\'94\
\'93Oh, let him ask it,\'94 said Lachesis.\
\'93Ask, ask,\'94 said Clotho, \'93We\'92ll tell you.\'94\
She indicated her sister, Lachesis, when she said this, excluding the eldest from the arrangement. There came, as she spoke, a hissing noise from beneath Lachesis\'92 robes.\
\'93Quiet,\'94 she said.\
Mr. Sinews looked down, toward the source of the noise, but seeing nothing, returned his attention to Atropos, even though she\'92d already answered the question he had yet to ask.\
\'93If you can truly see what fate has in store for me,\'94 he said, \'93If you can see my future, why can\'92t you tell me?\'94\
\'93You want to know how you die?\'94 asked Clotho, suddenly excited.\
\'93Would you care to know the manner of your demise?\'94 Lachesis echoed. The hissing came again from her robes. \'93Alice, Dorothy, be quiet,\'94 she urged.\
\'93No,\'94 said Atropos.\
Clotho frowned. Lachesis merely shrugged.\
\'93It\'92s not so simple as telling,\'94 said Atropos, \'93No man should know his fate, and knowing it won\'92t change it. The adventure is in living.\'94\
\'93That\'92s true,\'94 Lachesis conceded.\
\'93But it 
\i isn\'92t
\i0 ,\'94 said Clotho, turning so that Parson could see just a bit more of her face. She was smiling, he could see that much. And there was something crawling on her skin. A spider, he thought. \'93We should tell him. He so badly wants to know.\'94\
Alice and Dorothy hissed in agreement.\
\'93Shh.\'94\
\'93No,\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93At least,\'94 Clotho persisted, \'93Let us read for him.\'94\
\'93Palms?\'94 asked Lachesis.\
\'93Bones,\'94 suggested Atropos.\
\'93Tarot,\'94 Clotho replied, almost shouting in her excitement, \'93Tarot is so much more in keeping with the times.\'94\
\'93That\'92s true,\'94 said Lachesis.\
\'93Fine,\'94 said Atropos, \'93We\'92ll read your cards, Sinews, but that\'92s as far as we\'92ll go.\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 said Clotho, as if to suggest that they would go further.\
\'93What now?\'94 Atropos demanded.\
\'93We should give him the recipe,\'94 she said.\
Alice and Dorothy hissed. A spider crawled on Clotho\'92s hand. Sinews was certain it was a spider now. He could see it spin its web and dangle from her robed hand, lowering itself toward the floor.\
\'93Which recipe?\'94 he asked, following as Atropos let the way to a dark corner of the room. A small table with four chairs stood against a curtained window. An oil lamp hung above the table, its flame all but extinguished. He sat down even as Atropos drew a deck of cards from within some hidden pocket in her robes.\
\'93Which recipe?\'94 Lachesis echoed, taking a seat across from Sinews.\
\'93The one with the blood,\'94 said Clotho, choosing the seat to the left of her sister and the right of Mr. Sinews.\
\'93Be more specific,\'94 said Atropos. She sat down to the right of Lachesis, directly across from Clotho.\
\'93Absinthe,\'94 Clotho hinted.\
\'93No,\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93But,\'94 said Clotho, \'93Origins are
\i  my
\i0  domain.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Lachesis, \'93That\'92s true. The past tense is Clotho\'92s.\'94\
\'93We won\'92t show him how they die,\'94 she promised.\
Atropos growled. \'93Let me think about it,\'94 said Atropos. \'93But first, the cards.\'94\
}