{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Withdrawing a deck of ancient-looking cards from a paper box, she spread them out upon the table. Seventy-eight cards in all, Sinews counted.\
\'93You want to find Dr. Allen,\'94 said Atropos, \'93You want to know if you 
\i can
\i0  find him, and you want to know if you 
\i will
\i0  find him. More than that, you want to know how your lives are intertwined. In what way are your fates connected. Does he kill you? Do you kill him?\'94\
\'93Do you fall in love and live happily ever after?\'94 Clotho suggested.\
Atropos scowled.\
Ignoring the younger sister, Sinews nodded. \'93That about sums it up.\'94\
\'93Good,\'94 said Atropos. \'93I want you to focus on those questions, and while you are doing so, I want you to pick three cards.\'94\
Sinews did as instructed. \'93Those three,\'94 he said, pointing at each one in turn.\
Clotho grinned, that hideous grin of hers that said she knew something that Sinews did not. Alice and Dorothy hissed beneath the table, but when he checked beneath it, he couldn\'92t see a thing in the dark lighting.\
Clotho turned over the first card.\
Lachesis turned over the second.\
Atropos took the third card in her bony hand and looked at it herself. For a moment, she was still. Then, at last, she placed the card on the table beside the others.\
\'93The first card is past,\'94 said Clotho, pointing to the card.\
\'93The second card is present,\'94 said Lachesis.\
\'93And I suppose you can guess what the third card is,\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93I suppose I can,\'94 said Parson, \'93But what do they all mean? I\'92m sure I\'92ve never seen any of these cards before.\'94\
\'93You\'92ve had tarot readings before, then?\'94 asked Clotho.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he said.\
\'93Though never have you had a tarot reading by the Moirae,\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93This is our own special deck,\'94 said Lachesis.\
\'93The whore,\'94 said Clotho, pointing to the first card, a naked lady lying on a bed of gold coins.\
Atropos coughed.\
\'93The harlot,\'94 said Clotho.\
\'93Sins of the flesh?\'94 asked Mr. Sinews.\
\'93No,\'94 said Clotho, \'93She represents compromising one\'92s ideals for the sake of money, power, and so on. Twisted ambition, selling one\'92s soul to the devil, and that sort of thing.\'94\
\'93So, in the context of Dr. Allen?\'94\
Clotho shook her head. \'93Well,\'94 she said with a sly smile, \'93That is for you to determine. I\'92m just telling you what the cards mean.\'94\
Lachesis pointed to the second card, a man walking about with his eyes closed.\
\'93The blind man?\'94 he asked.\
\'93The somnambulist,\'94 she said.\
Sinews nodded. \'93What does it mean?\'94\
\'93It means you only have to open your eyes and you\'92ll see.\'94\
\'93Well, that certainly helps,\'94 he said.\
\'93It means you are a willing participant to your own deception,\'94 she said, \'93You\'92re being lied to; you can see that, but you don\'92t want to.\'94\
Sinews felt a bit sickened by the card. What was he missing? How was he being deceived? Sinews had always prided himself on being able to determine when someone was lying to him. He\'92d done it earlier in the evening, with Mrs. Hatton.\
\'93Then again,\'94 said Lachesis.\
\'93Yes?\'94\
\'93It is also possible,\'94 she said, \'93That the somnambulist is Dr. Allen. According to your theory, he was robbed of his free will by a drug that he concocted. Turned into a zombie, you said. I suppose, if this is true, the card indicates that the power to regain free will must come from within; Dr. Allen must open his own eyes.\'94\
\'93And the last card?\'94\
\'93The Five of Tentacles,\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93Is it not usually pentacles?\'94 asked Mr. Sinews.\
\'93It is,\'94 said Atropos, \'93But as we said, this is our own, very special deck.\'94\
\'93And what do tentacles represent?\'94\
\'93They represent being caught up in something,\'94 said Atropos, \'93In this case, caught by a hideous tentacled beast.\'94\
\'93So, entanglement?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Atropos, \'93Capture. Imprisonment.\'94\
\'93So, I don\'92t kill Dr. Allen? I capture him?\'94\
Atropos shook her head. \'93What makes you so sure it\'92s Allen who is to be captured, and not yourself? And besides, the cards aren\'92t usually quite so literal as that. Entanglement is analogous with obsession. It could represent your inability to let go of this quest for answers in a mystery that quite honestly should have nothing to do with you. The fact that your fate is intertwined with that of Dr. Allen is your own doing. That\'92s what tentacles mean.\'94\
\'93What about five?\'94 he asked, \'93Why the five of tentacles?\'94\
She gestured to the card itself. It depicted a diverging path: on one side, darkness, and on the other, five writhing tentacles. \'93Five is usually a card of balance, change, and choice. In this case, the choice is clear: the tentacled beast on one side.\'94\
\'93Darkness on the other,\'94 Sinews finished.\
\'93No,\'94 said Atropos, \'93Not darkness. The unknown.\'94\
Sinews looked up at Atropos. Again he made the mistake of looking into her eyes. Those terrifying eyes. He had never felt so exposed as when he looked into those eyes of hers, those eyes that could see his very soul if she only stared long enough and hard enough.\
\'93You wonder, if what we say is true, that we hold dominion over past, present, and future, why we would show you a card that presents you with a choice,\'94 she said.\
He managed to look away, at last. A cold sweat had broken out upon his brow. His heart was beating like a hammer inside his chest.\
\'93Fate is not set in stone, Mr. Sinews,\'94 she told him.\
\'93It\'92s set in string,\'94 said Clotho, a pair of spiders dangling from her robes, inching their way toward the floor. He felt the urge to point them out to her, but he was not entirely certain the spiders were not visions induced by 
\i la f\'e9e verte
\i0 .\
\'93The length of your life is determined,\'94 said Lachesis.\
\'93And the nature of your birth.\'94\
\'93And your death,\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93But string is flexible,\'94 said Lachesis, that hissing sound coming from beneath her robes again. \'93You make your own path, Mr. Sinews. You make your own choices.\'94\
\'93And you live with them,\'94 said Atropos. \'93But tell me, Mr. Sinews. You have a bride-to-be. The love of your life, isn\'92t she? You said she made a moth of you, that you could not resist the flames of love, isn\'92t that right?\'94\
Mr. Sinews nodded.\
\'93Then what are you doing here, with us, trying to track down a deranged surgeon? Why aren\'92t you with your love?\'94\
Atropos turned the cards over, shuffled them back into the deck, and then, much to Mr. Sinews\'92 surprise, turned on the oil lamp above them. Almost instantly, there was a whirlwind of motion within Atropos\'92 robes, and the sound of scurrying, fluttering. From her sleeves and from her billowing hood, there was an eruption of moths. Hundreds of them. Large yellow moths, which took to the air in a flurry of motion.\
Some of them were snapped up by a pair of tentacles which emerged from within Lachesis\'92 robes. No, not tentacles. They were snakes. The rest of the moths flitted about the oil lamp. Burnt and dead moths began to litter the floor and the table.\
\'93Must be,\'94 he said, \'93A very potent bottle of absinthe.\'94\
\'93Go home, Parson,\'94 said Atropos, \'93Give up this business with Dr. Allen. Love awaits you.\'94\
Mr. Sinews shook his head and dared not make eye contact with Atropos. Somehow he was more afraid of her and her moths than he was of Alice and Dorothy, the snakes between the legs of Lachesis.\
\'93Look,\'94 said Atropos, \'93Not all of these moths are dead. Love is a risk. I can\'92t say that it\'92s not. But there is hope. This business with Dr. Allen will bring you nothing but pain.\'94\
\'93I thought you weren\'92t going to tell me my future,\'94 he said.\
\'93I wasn\'92t,\'94 she said.\
\'93What about the recipe?\'94 asked Clotho.\
\'93No,\'94 said Atropos. She looked at Sinews with sadness in her eyes. \'93It\'92s time you took your leave, sir.\'94\
Sinews spared one last look at the trio, and felt with utter certainty that they were indeed the Moirae, that they did indeed have domain over past, present, and future. Birth, life, and death.\
He put on his coat, retrieved his cane, and opened the door. As he was about to leave, he turned around and spoke into the shadows, into which the Moirae must have disappeared.\
\'93Alright then,\'94 he said, \'93I will cease my investigation into Dr. Allen.\'94\
He closed the door behind him, its bells jingling as he stepped out into the rain.\
\'93Mr. Sinews,\'94 said a voice.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he said, looking into the face of a police officer.\
\'93You are under arrest for the murder of Rachelle Vincent,\'94 said the police officer.\
Sinews felt as if he\'92d just been stabbed in the chest.\
\'93No,\'94 he said, tears coming unbidden to his eyes. He collapsed to his knees, drenching himself with rain water and mud. \'93No!\'94 he cried, latching on to the word like an infant who\'92s learned his first word. \'93No, no, no.\'94}