{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 He began his speech with a shrug of his shoulders. \'93Lord Connor was a good man. Well liked, well respected, a gentleman and a philanthropist. A writer. A scientist. And as I said, he was also a monster hunter. But why do you suppose your clients wanted him dead?\'94 He said \'91clients\'92 in such a way as to emphasize the fact that it was her term, not his. \'93I knew Lord Connor, while he was alive. I knew him well. And even I don\'92t know what was in his safe. So I have to wonder, if your clients knew what was in the safe, did they know Connor better than I do? And if so, can they have been ignorant about the monsters Connor was hunting? I think not.\'94\
Miss Monday was quick to follow Mr. O\'92s logic. \'93You believe they wanted to 
\i stop
\i0  Connor from killing these monsters?\'94\
She took a sip of tea, which she found had gone cold already.\
Mr. O shook his head. \'93I don\'92t know. But it seems pretty obvious that killing him had 
\i something 
\i0 to do with Connor\'92s interest in the monstrous dead. Whoever hired you knew all about the unliving. And whoever 
\i turned
\i0  Connor knew it too. Which makes me think\'85\'94\
Again, Miss Monday was right on the same page. \'93My clients are the ones who turned him. They sent me after him, knowing full well he was already dead. Well, so to speak. But why?\'94\
She set her teacup down on the bench. It was empty. She thought about refilling it from the canteen, but she decided that one cup was plenty.\
\'93I believe they were killing anyone with knowledge of the unliving,\'94 said Mr. O. She began to object, but he cut her off. \'93I believe you know more about the monstrous dead than you\'92re letting on.\'94\
She bit her lip, and her hand moved to her right eye. She hid the gesture by brushing her hand through her hair, but Mr. O was astute. He must have noticed it. She remained silent.\
\'93In short, I believe that your clients have knowledge of the secret I have sworn to keep. And I believe they are doing their utmost to kill anyone else who knows it. Which means that my life and yours are in very grave danger.\'94\
\'93Who are they?\'94 she asked, wishing for the first time that she\'92d taken more time to investigate her clients, anonymity be damned.\
\'93Before I answer that, there\'92s something else you should know. I believe Lord Connor may have been one of them.\'94\
\'93One of them? You\'92re speaking in riddles, Mr. O. Who is 
\i them
\i0 ?\'94\
\'93The Society of Immortals,\'94 he said.\
She raised an eyebrow. She\'92d heard the name before. Everyone had. A group of likeminded men of science whose controversial theories on the nature of mortality had forced them to pursue their research in relative secrecy. Relative, because while the real names of the society\'92s members and the exact nature of the collective\'92s research were unknown, they\'92d made headlines in the past with a series of murders, some of which had previously been attributed to Jack The Ripper. Until the Society of Immortals had stepped up to take ownership of the crimes. They planned to bring their victims back to life, that they might live forever, or so they claimed. While one of their members had been arrested and promptly executed, the rest remained at large.\
\'93Seriously?\'94 she said.\
When she thought about the society and the possible connection to Lord Connor, it was impossible not to make the connection between the society\'92s plans to resurrect its victims and Lord Connor\'92s own resurrection. When they spoke of resurrection, were they speaking about the unliving, she wondered. She put the question to Mr. O.\
\'93I believe so, yes\'94 said Mr. O. \'93The name Francis Langtry lends itself to that theory. The names of the Society\'92s members follow a formula. Their given names are taken from penny dreadful characters, their surnames from the names of famous actresses.\
\'93You said that Connor was a good man,\'94 she said.\
Mr. O sighed. \'93Sometimes good men take wrong turns,\'94 he said after a while. \'93Not all of the Society\'92s ideas are bad. The notion of finding a cure for death itself. Who wouldn\'92t want that? I imagine that\'92s what drew Connor in. But it\'92s their methods that are unsettling. Perhaps that\'92s why they killed him. Perhaps he tried to leave the Society.\'94\
She forced herself not to laugh. He spoke with a calm nonchalance, yet his words always seemed to carry a flair for the melodramatic. Everything was a grand conspiracy with him.\
\'93So, you believe the Society hired me to kill Connor, who until recently was working 
\i with
\i0  them. When he tried to leave their ranks, they deliberately infected him, turned him into a monster, and tried to use him to kill me, believing my assassination attempt would fail?\'94 Sarcasm oozed from the very pores of her skin. \'93It all sounds rather convoluted, don\'92t you think?\'94\
Mr. O sighed.\
\'93Miss Monday, I\'92m sure you know better than anyone the dangers of your work. But you don\'92t understand quite the extent of the situation. Sarcasm, denial. These won\'92t save you from the living dead.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360
\cf0 The frown lines on Miss Monday\'92s face deepened.\
\'93I don\'92t know why I\'92m sitting here listening to this nonsense,\'94 she said. \'93You\'92re very charming, Mr. O, and your words have a ring of truth to them. Everything you say is utterly logical and entirely undeniable, given the ridiculous assumption that the monstrous dead are real. You do realise that if I fail to fulfil my obligation to my clients, they really will try to kill me, don\'92t you? Of course, they\'92ll use guns, Mr. O. They won\'92t use monster hunting aristocrats with whom they\'92ve had a falling out and whom they\'92ve transformed into the very monster he is purported to hunt. Honestly, the least you could do is to come up with a more believable lie.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'93I\'92m not lying,\'94 he said, \'93But I don\'92t expect you to take my word for it.\'94 He surprised her by smiling gently, looking her in the eye with an expression on his face that struck Miss Monday as naively hopeful. \'93All I\'92m asking is that you defer your delivery while I 
\i prove 
\i0 to you that the unliving are real. If I can do that, then you must concede that my story is true. Should I fail to convince you, you may then feel free to make your delivery as planned. Your clients can wait a few days, can they not?\'94\
She let out a sarcastic laugh. \'93As I said before, Mr. O, even a thief has a reputation to keep. Imagine mine, should I fail to fulfil my end of the bargain. Even if I eventually do make the delivery, my reputation would nonetheless be tarnished.\'94\
\'93Correct me if I am mistaken, Miss Monday,\'94 Mr. O replied, \'93But after completing a mission successfully, you make your appearance at Hyde Park in order to deliver the package. You circle the grounds once, on horseback, signalling that you are ready to make the delivery. You then leave the package at a designated location, and return your horse to the stable. Having watched from a distance in order to maintain their anonymity, your clients wait until you\'92ve gone in order to retrieve the package. As you said, you never meet them face to face.\'94\
He said all this as a statement of fact, not as a question. Miss Monday nodded her affirmation. She had no idea where he got his information, but he wasn\'92t wrong about a single detail.\
\'93So we know that your client has eyes in Hyde Park today. We can safely assume that you have been seen with me. At the very least, they\'92ll have noticed my airship flying overhead. Likely, you were also seen being pursued by those thugs I suspect must be hired by your own mysterious clients. All these factors add up to a convenient excuse for you not to make your delivery on this day. To be truthful, would it not be more suspicious to complete your delivery as expected, despite knowing that you have been followed?\'94\
She sighed. She was annoyed that he was right. Why did he always have to be right? I must be insane, she thought.\
\'93A few days? Let\'92s say three, shall we?\'94 she assented at last.\
\'93I shouldn\'92t need so long, but I thank you just the same.\'94\
\'93I must confess I can\'92t imagine you will be able to convince me. I mean really. The Society of Immortals? Unliving monsters? You must think I\'92m truly daft.\'94\
\'93Oh that\'92s right. You still believe Lord Connor was merely sick,\'94 said Mr. O. He stood up from the bench. He extended her a gloved hand, and helped her to pack up their picnic.\
\'93Perhaps I won\'92t be able to convince you,\'94 he admitted, \'93But I shall give it my best shot.\'94}