{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi358\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Mr. O had explained that they had to stop it from reaching the border. Miss Monday could care less about any of that. But this thing had been made by Dr. Tidkins, just like the creatures on the River Thames. Just like Lord Connor. And like her, it wore the mechanical enhancements of the Doctor's creation. This was what concerned her.\
On one hand, it was the mystery that drew her in. The clandestine society of boffins, the brazen murder of a member of the aristocracy, the use of zombies as weapons. It flew in the face of what she'd believed about him when they first met\'97that he was interested in saving lives. And on the other hand, it was that he'd tried to kill her, on several occasions now, by setting zombies upon her. Vengeance, then. That was what concerned her.\
Focus, she had to remind herself. Focus.\
While the monster Dr. Tidkins had set upon them appeared to be wounded, it did not seem to have noticed. It continued to unleash an unmerciful hail of bullets at the Dreadful and would probably do so until it ran out of bullets or the guns overheated, whichever came first.\
She watched as Captain Merrick crawled along the floor, back to his position at the helm of the ship; bullets hailing around him be damned, he had a ship to operate. She had to admire that.\
Again the ship shuddered as cannonballs launched at the roach and punctured holes into its carapace, not stopping it but at least doing damage.\
Miss Monday was determined not to be the weak link in the crew. Mr. Palmer and the Captain were performing admirably, which meant that she'd better hurry if she wanted to keep up. She took a moment to brace herself against the railing, aimed and fired her blunderbuss. The projectile struck its mark and exploded, but it was little cause for celebration. Even the explosion was hardly enough to slow the beast.\
She frowned. It had to be a headshot, she realised. It was easy to forget that this monster was just like any other Unliving creature. They could chop off all of its limbs, tear off its wings, and it might not even notice. It had to be a headshot. Which was easier said than done, considering that its head was entirely safe beneath its thick shell of carapace, much like the rest of its body. Except, it occurred to her, when it opened its fearsome maw and uttered its shrill, piercing cry.\
\'93Mr. Palmer, I\'92m going to need you to make it angry,\'94 said Miss Monday.\
He put a hand to one ear and mouthed a single word. "Sorry?"\
She swore. Of course he wouldn't be able to hear her over the sound of the bullets hammering against the ship's armour and the blustering wind as they tore through the air at high speed. She began making her way toward him, hand over hand along the railing.\
The unfortunate thing was, there was a short length of the ship that was not shielded by the ship's armour. In order to reach Mr. Palmer, she would have to pass through it. She would be completely exposed to any stray bullets that might come her way.\
She reached the edge of the armored section. It was only about a meter from where she stood to the next sheet of armor near Mr. Palmer\'92 cannon. She spared a glance up toward the monster. It was still flying steadily toward the ship, while the Penny Dreadful flew in reverse, keeping just out of its range. Its hail of bullets wasn\'92t letting up. Its supply of ammunition couldn\'92t be limitless. It would run out eventually, but she couldn\'92t be certain the ship would outlast it.\
No choice then. She raised her right arm and used it to cover her face as best as possible, but it was her left side that would be most exposed. But she turned her head and sheltered herself as best she could. Her arm could be repaired if it was damaged. The same could not be said for her face. She dashed out from beneath the armored plate and ran for cover.\
Safe. At last she reached Mr. Palmer and repeated her message.\
\'93Consider it done,\'94 Palmer replied, though he had no reason to be so confident. It was not as though his efforts thus far had caused any noticeable effect to the creature. Furthermore, it was not as though the creature\'92s disposition was at all amiable in the first place; why Miss Monday wished to provoke it further was beyond him.\
But while Palmer did not comprehend Miss Monday\'92s motives for angering it, he nonetheless set himself to the task. He shifted his sitting position back from the gatling gun to the cannon.\
\'93Ready?\'94 he shouted. Even standing side by side, it was impossible to hear one another with the ship traveling at this speed.\
\'93Wait for my signal!\'94 she shouted back.\
She needed a vantage point. If she wanted to kill this thing, her aim needed to be precise. With a sickening lurch, she realised what her best option was.\
She was sure there must be some sort of nautical term for it\'97she\'92d overheard the crewmen bandying words like 
\i starboard
\i0  and 
\i aft
\i0  about\'97but she hadn\'92t any idea what the appropriate word might be, but the balloon was attached to the ship both by ropes and by huge towers of wood and brass. Some of these towers had footholds build in, and railings along the sides, so they could be climbed in order to perform maintenance duties upon the ship. It was unlikely that they were meant to be used while the ship was flying, in reverse, at top speed.\
She swore. She could still hear through the din of battle, the sound of bullets striking metal, and more unsettling than that, the noise of metal bending and warping beneath the pressure of hundreds of bullets fired in succession.\
She made her way to the ladder, if that\'92s what it was called, grabbed the railing, and began to climb. The tower wasn\'92t shielded by armor either, but there was no time to even think about that just now. Or to think about her fear of heights. She hoisted herself up onto the canvas blimp, and lay flat upon it. There were no railings up here, no handholds, and little to shield her from the wind.\
The sail along the balloon\'92s spine had been lowered, and the shields had been raised. A grid of metal framed the canvas blimp, and sheets of armor plating were affixed in segments, attached to the metal frame in order to cover the gaps between each metal section of the frame. Each gap was about two meters square, but there were spaces that were not entirely covered. The shields were mounted on mechanical arms along the frame, intended to mitigate the risk provided by the gaps in the armor. The ship\'92s design was built on redundancies. Where the armor failed, the shields would still provide cover.\
Miss Monday crawled her way toward one of the raised shields, grabbing the arm to which it was mounted, and used it to pull herself to her feet. She looked down at Mr. Palmer, and raised her blunderbuss, grabbing it from her holster.\
In answer, Mr. Palmer began his assault, launching what seemed to be a limitless supply of cannon fodder. The Dreadful shuddered with every deafening blast of the cannon, but the beast was undeterred.\
Miss Monday, perched precariously atop the balloon. She held tight to the thick shield, training her eyes on the creature.\
Cannonball after cannonball, Palmer was relentless. Finally, Mr. Palmer managed to penetrate the creature\'92s chitinous shell, and the beast let out that terrible, unearthly wail. Miss Monday was ready.\
She fired.\
It only took a moment. The grenade sailed into the creature\'92s open jaws. She holstered the blunderbuss and unfurled her umbrella. The concussive blast of the grenade was accompanied by the sickening crunch of splintering carapace; a blast of fire erupted from the creature\'92s maw, taking with it a significant section of the cockroach\'92s head, which rained down in enormous, wet chunks.\
Miss Monday let out a cry of indignation when her parasol was struck by a particularly large segment of gruesome flesh. She lost her balance, slid toward the edge of the balloon, grasping for something, anything. Her hands banged and slid against the metal plating that covered the balloon, cutting gashes into her left.\
Her umbrella slipped out of her hand and blew away with frightening speed, and a moment later she lost the blunderbuss. But she finally managed to grasp something. Her legs dangled off the edge of the balloon in a way that was most unladylike.\
When she finally caught her breath, she saw that it was Mr. O\'92s hand that she had caught.\
\'93I\'92ve got you,\'94 he said, hoisting her back up onto the relative safety of the balloon.\
\'93Mr. O,\'94 she said, out of breath but otherwise managing to sound entirely unshaken by the incident. \'93Sorry about that.\'94\
\'93That\'92s twice now.\'94\
She frowned. Twice that he\'92d saved her life. Well, he could keep on saving her life every day for a month and he\'92d still owe her for losing consciousness.\
\'93It won\'92t happen again,\'94 she said grumpily. \'93What ever are you doing up here?\'94\
He shrugged. \'93I could ask you the same question,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92ve got a plan,\'94 he added, taking a swig from a flask he kept hidden in his vest pocket.\
His face was flushed, his balance questionable at best. But it was hardly his intoxication that caught her attention. As Miss Monday looked at him and the balloons on which they stood, she began to suspect what he had been up to all this time. Whatever his plan was, it would be astoundingly dangerous. Not that she was one to complain about that. So long as his plan worked.\
He had removed a large sheet of the thick armour that surrounded the blimp. If the dirigible were to be struck by stray bullet now, they\'92d go up in flames. But they were all doomed anyhow, if they didn\'92t do something. Mr. O had also unlashed some of the ropes that bound the hydrogen gasbags inside the canvas envelope. He had secured another section of rope around the middlemost balloon, and had wound a great deal of that same rope around his own body as well.\
\'93Whatever are you planning?\'94 Miss Monday breathed, though she was sure she\'92d already worked it out in her head.\
\'93Miss Monday,\'94 he said, slurring his words, \'93If you would just kindly ask the beast to fly above us, just here.\'94 He pointed at where he wanted the creature. \'93I\'92m afraid I\'92ve been rather inspired by your notion of filling its mouth with incendiary devices.\'94\
He winked.\
\'93No,\'94 she said. \'93If this gets you killed,\'94 she started, pointing a finger at him. \'93I won\'92t have this on my head. What 
\i exactly 
\i0 are you planning?\'94\
\'93First, I\'92m going to dislodge this ballonet,\'94 he said, grinning drunkenly. \'93Then, I\'92ll just fly up into the creature\'92s mouth, cause the ballonet to explode, then drop back down to the ship. Easy peasy.\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head. Aside from his notion that it would be easy, the plan wasn\'92t entirely ridiculous. But even if it did work, simply dropping back down to the ship would be nearly impossible.\
\'93Lemon squeezey,\'94 he added.\
\'93What happens if you miss the ship?\'94 she asked.\
\'93Don\'92t worry about that,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93I have exactly two contingency plans. This will work,\'94 he assured her.\
Angry though she was, Miss Monday turned back to face the demonic cockroach. Mr. Palmer had been fending it off nicely while she\'92d been otherwise occupied. Captain Merrick was still standing at the wheel, courageous in the face of danger. She wasn\'92t about to let her feelings for Mr. O, whatever those might be, get in the way of her usefulness on this mission.\
\'93Captain!\'94 she shouted, but her voice was drowned out by the wail of the wounded insect and the buffeting of the open air.\
She started to descend the ladder. The familiar mechanical sound of gears clicking into place spurred her into quicker action. The onslaught of bullets had ceased for the moment, but already the creatures guns were whirring up for a second go at them. If the second onslaught lasted as long as the first, they wouldn\'92t survive it. She practically jumped down the ladder onto the deck below.\
\'93Bring us down!\'94 she told the captain. \'93Get us underneath the monster.\'94\
He nodded, even as he carried out her instructions. She might not be a marriageable sort of woman, but Captain Merrick had to admit, she was certainly formidable. Turning his attention from Miss Monday, he began shouting orders into the speaking tube to direct his crew.\
Another barrage of bullets struck the Dreadful, putting dents even in her thick shields. The ship wouldn\'92t hold out much longer, especially with the ballonet exposed.\
\'93Mr. O, if you\'92re still intent on this idiocy, you\'92d best get ready,\'94 Miss Monday shouted up at him.\
A moment later, they\'92d managed to get under the cockroach: easier than asking it to fly above them.\
For a moment, Miss Monday thought they\'92d been struck by something. The entire ship jolted like a boat about to capsize. Captain Merrick clutched the wheel and did his best to steady the vessel. From somewhere within the ship they could hear the unusual sound of intense friction.\
Then, another jolt, and the ship began to lose altitude. The captain cursed, shouted for the engineers to check on the barometer or the difference engine or whatever else it was that would keep them aloft. They weren\'92t about to crash, but they were descending far too quickly and suddenly for the captain\'92s liking. A moment later, he discovered the cause of their descent.\
Above them, one of the ship\'92s own balloons had come free and was spiralling up toward the monster.\
\'93What on earth\'85\'94 he began. Then the light of the dreadful\'92s lantern fell upon the rogue ballonet, and he saw.\
It was Mr. O. He had attached himself to the balloon and was attempting to steer the balloon with the weight of his body, aiming straight for the gaping hole in the creature\'92s mouth.\
Shaking off his amazement, Palmer fired a few shots as cover fire.\
Miss Monday\'92s heart caught in her chest. She grabbed one of the lanterns that hung from the ship, and aimed it at Mr. O, keeping him bathed in light.\
\'93Idiot,\'94 she cursed him.\
The balloon found its mark. In one simultaneous motion, Mr. O hurled a grenade into the creature\'92s jaws and cut himself loose. Down, down toward The Penny Dreadful he fell.\
He would have made it too, landing straight on the deck of the airship. Suddenly, the explosion of the hydrogen balloon lit the night sky, throwing Mr. O\'92s horribly off course.\
Blood and severed body parts rained down from the monstrous cockroach. The crew watched as Mr. O plummeted toward the ground.\
Miss Monday\'92s heart sank.\
\'93By God!\'94 Lockwood exclaimed from within the crew cabin, loud enough to be heard outside.\
They shared his sentiment, but there was nothing to be done. Not a word was spoken. Not a breath was breathed.}