{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The captain must have somehow managed to stop the ship from spiralling, but the danger had hardly passed. The ship\'92s gondola was still alight; the slightest spark that struck the Dreadful\'92s balloon or the slightest puncture in just one of the ballonets and they\'92d all be toast. They ought to abandon ship, but they were still hundreds of feet in the air, so it was really just a matter of choice: burn alive or plummet to the ground below.\
There was little time to make the decision. The ship was descending at a rate far too rapid to be considered natural, and outside the window, the monstrous beast clung to the ship like an overgrown barnacle, dragging it to the earth below. It would not be long before they either exploded or crash landed.\
\'93Here, put this on,\'94 said Mr. O, shaking her as she climbed back onto her feet. Had she lost consciousness in the tumble? She couldn\'92t say. Mr. O appeared equally battered, blood dripping from numerous gashes on his face, bloodstains on his torn shirt sleeves. But wounded as he was, he seemed unshaken, and it was only fair, Miss Monday thought. It was almost surely his turn to rescue her.\
So she played her part, as damsel in distress, and allowed him to help her to her feet. Then he began to buckle a set of straps around her shoulder. He buckled something heavy to her back, thrust something into her hand, and put a pair of goggles on her head. He guided her outside, shouting out instructions as they went.\
It was loud, so the shouting was imperative to her understanding, and if she was going to jump from a falling airship, she needed to understand the instructions.\
\'93Once you leap from the ship, pull that cord, and the engine should provide enough thrust for the wings to carry you.\'94\
It took a moment for her brain to catch up with her. Wings, she wondered. A moment later, she remembered Icarus. She spared a glance over her shoulder to confirm it. The winged contraption Dr. Tidkins had designed all those years ago and which Mr. O had saved from the doctor-inventor\'92s time at the Agency.\
\'93Never go anywhere unprepared,\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93You\'92re learning,\'94 she replied with a smirk. Her lips creased into a frown. \'93What about you?\'94\
\'93Parachute,\'94 he said, and with a running start he leapt from the ship.\
\'93Parachute?\'94 she repeated, wonderingly.\
There was a sound of rending metal as the beast\'92s grip on the airship tightened, and she knew she was out of time. She wondered about the other passengers\'97Captain Merrick, Ashcroft, Lockwood\'97but there was no time to help them, even if she could. She simply wished them the best. Then she ran to the edge of the ship and without looking over it, jumped.\
Her stomach lurched. It was bad enough flying in an airship; this was infinitely worse. The sky was a blur, just shapes and colours whipping past. The wind in her ears was a deafening rush of noise. Her ears popped as she gained speed. There might have been tears in her eyes from the wind, but the goggles did a nice enough job in preventing that. So it was with clear vision that she could see the trees below growing larger with every second that passed.\
She did as Mr. O had instructed. She attempted to angle her body to let the wings catch hold of the wind and use it to glide out of the descent. As she did so, she gave a pull on the cord in her hand, and the engine on her back began to sputter. She pulled it again, and it rumbled noisily. The wind caught in her wings.\
Stray feathers filled the air, but she managed to pull out of her free-fall, propelled by the jet pack on her back and by the sheer force of the wind. Suddenly she wasn\'92t falling. She was gliding. Flying, soaring above the forest.\
She let out a whoop of joy. It was exhilarating, not just because she\'92d survived almost certain death. It was also the joy of defying gravity, of taking to the sky.\
But this was no time for celebration. Quickly learning to manoeuvre Icarus, she circled back, scanning the skies for any sign of Mr. O. It would have helped if it wasn\'92t so damned dark. All she had was the moonlight and the rapidly plummeting flames of the smoking airship to light her way.\

\i Boom.\

\i0 The explosion was loud, and it was sudden. But it was not on the scale Miss Monday had expected. As she flew toward its source, she could see that the airship\'92s gondola had crashed into the forest below, taking the gargantuan beast with it. When it struck the earth, it had burst into flame.\
The abominable\'97and seemingly indestructible\'97cockroach must finally have been killed. Its enormous husk lay motionless, burnt by the roaring flames and impaled by the ship\'92s broken frame.\
But remarkably, 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  was not entirely destroyed. Somehow, the gondola had been detached from the blimp, which\'97no longer weighed down by the enormous weight of the ship and the heavy cockroach\'97had risen back into the sky.\
The canvas that encased it was tattered. The lettering on its side was damaged, so that the ship\'92s name, 
\i The Penny Dreadful
\i0 , was no longer legible. Only the last word was still clear.\
Dreadful.\
That summed things up nicely, Miss Monday thought. She saw a patch of canvas, caught in the forest\'92s canopy, which she thought might be Mr. O\'92s parachute. It was hard to see anything in this impenetrable darkness. She made her way towards him, clumsily navigating the wind like a fledgling crow thrust from its mother\'92s nest for its first flight.\
She whirled toward him, shouting his name as she went. The closer she got, the more alarming it became when he failed to answer.\
\'93Mr. O,\'94 she cried again.\
Finally, she heard his voice from beneath the tarp, weakened by whatever new injuries he must have sustained.\
She hadn\'92t the slightest idea of how to go about landing. She was flying too fast to simply drop down to the trees below, where Mr. O\'92s parachute appeared to be caught, but she couldn\'92t just turn off the engine on her back either. So she set out for a clearing, attempting to angle her wings in order to slow her flight as much as possible.\
She decided upon what she considered her best spot for a landing pad, braced for what she expected would be a rather painful landing, and aimed for the ground.\
She came in too fast, and at the last second, realising her miscalculation\'97or more accurately, panicking\'97she leaned back, angling the wings upward to avoid the ground. She swooped up again, taking care not to gain too much height. Her legs were dangling just above the ground, so she decided to give it another go. She angled toward the ground again, and felt her feet touch down. She was sprinting, mostly by instinct, trying to keep up with her momentum, like when running down a surprisingly steep hill.\
The clearing wasn\'92t large enough to keep up this pace for long, and her legs were burning. Finally, she thought to pull the cord again, and stopped the motor. The change in speed was abrupt, as the engine sputtered to a stop, and suddenly her legs were over her head, and she was lying facedown on the grass.\
\'93Ow,\'94 she groaned.\
Well, at least she was alive. She struggled to her feet, winded and bruised by her fall. Her wings were badly broken, she noticed. She pouted, not sure whether to discard the wings or attempt to salvage them. Eventually, she unstrapped them from her back and left them where they were. She kept the rocket pack though, as she had it in her head that it must be expensive.\
Though Mr. O was likely waiting\'97stranded in a tree\'97for her rescue, she was forced to go slowly as she trudged her way through the woods towards him, favouring the leg that was least injured. She called his name as she went. Flight had disoriented her, and she wasn\'92t entirely sure where to find him. It was also incredibly dark and despite her oft-repeated motto of never going anywhere unprepared, she was without match or lantern. More than once she felt tree branches snapping painfully in her face as she pushed through the brambles.\
Eventually, she heard his voice, quiet but unmistakable. He\'92d gotten himself quite tangled, as she\'92d somewhat expected, and was hanging from the highest branch of a tall tree. Unable to extricate himself from the knotted ropes of his parachute. Groaning in pain. Even more badly injured than when he\'92d leapt from the airship and nearly got himself blown up.\
Idiot.\
\'93I could use some help,\'94 he groaned.\
\'93I can see that,\'94 said Miss Monday, setting her jetpack upon the ground. It was a relief to have it off her back. Damned thing was heavy. \'93I\'92m not sure what you\'92d like me to do though,\'94 she called up to him. \'93You\'92re not expecting me to scale that tree, are you?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know,\'94 he called back. \'93I didn\'92t exactly think this through. I\'92m lucky to be alive.\'94\
He was working at the ropes while he talked, doing his best to untangle himself from the knotted web of ropes, which had wrapped around the branches of the tree. He had to be careful not to untie the wrong rope, or he\'92d end up falling to the ground. He wasn\'92t high enough that the fall was 
\i likely
\i0  to kill him, but he was high enough that it 
\i might
\i0 .\
\'93What of the ship?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Destroyed,\'94 she replied. \'93Except the balloon, which must have been detached somehow. Might be able to salvage it, if you can find it that is. Without the ship to weigh it down and without a pilot, it\'92s just drifting.\'94\
\'93And the crew?\'94 he asked.\
\'93I don\'92t know,\'94 she said, sadly. \'93But it seems unlikely that anyone else survived.\'94\
\'93Shit,\'94 said Mr. O. His sincerity was overwhelming. To be fair, he\'92d only just found out that he 
\i had
\i0  a ship and crew, so he\'92d hardly had time to develop an attachment to any of them. But still, it was a bit heartless, wasn\'92t it? Miss Monday at least had liked Ashcroft and Lockwood. And Captain Merrick, of course. And how many men had been aboard the ship? Were they dead, all of them?\
\'93What about Palmer?\'94 said Mr. O, real concern in his voice now.\
Miss Monday hesitated. Mr. Palmer was one of Mr. O\'92s agents. One of his last few agents that hadn\'92t been killed in the line of duty or by the Society of Immortals. Miss Monday knew that he considered Palmer a close friend. \'93Your guess is as good as mine,\'94 she admitted. \'93Better, maybe. Did you have any more parachutes on board?\'94\
\'93Pardon?\'94 he shouted down.\
It was difficult to talk while he was still stranded in the tree, and Miss Monday was growing impatient. She rolled up her sleeves and pulled her gloves on a bit tighter. She approached the tree, put a tentative hand on it. She tested her weight on the first branch. She looked up at Mr. O, gauging his distance from the ground. Then she began to climb. It wasn\'92t the most ladylike thing she\'92d ever done, but she wasn\'92t here to be ladylike, and she was in no mood to be delicate.\
She climbed at a steady albeit not a quick pace, until she reached him. She positioned herself securely against a sturdy branch and the bough of the tree, and began the tedious process of untangling him. Whether he was surprised she\'92d made the climb or not, he didn\'92t say. But he did smile at her when she finally reached him, and he thanked her, when they finally managed to get him untangled and finished the climb down.\
His injuries looked worse than she\'92d guessed they would be, now that she finally had a chance to look him over. Scrapes and bruises covered his body, and with every move he made he winced or gritted his teeth. When he coughed, he had to cover his mouth with a handkerchief to catch the blood, and she suspected he must have had more than one broken bone.\
Only as she looked him over did she finally realise the sacrifice he\'92d made in giving Icarus to her and taking the parachute for himself. If it had been the other way around, he might have landed unscathed, while she might be the one with broken bones and internal bleeding.\
\'93You aren\'92t going to die on me, are you?\'94 she asked, when he began coughing up blood again. She managed to keep the emotion from her voice, phrasing the question as to be derisive rather than compassionate.\
\'93No,\'94 he said with a pained laugh. \'93I\'92ll live. But I would kill for a glass of whiskey right about now.\'94\
She shook her head. \'93You\'92ve had quite enough of that for one day,\'94 she scolded. \'93You might have had a smoother landing if you\'92d been sober,\'94 she added.\
He shrugged, wincing as he did. \'93Maybe,\'94 he admitted.}