{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Miss Monday stood staring at the smouldering remains of the cockroach. Disgusting, she thought. It smelled odd, like burned meat, but it was mostly the sheer size of the creature\'92s hulking remains that astonished and disturbed her. It was one thing to see it from within the ship. To stand next to it was another thing entirely. It was the size of an enormous whale, big enough to swallow a man whole, and covered in the thick natural armor of chitin.\
\'93How could this thing have survived so much?\'94 she asked. \'93I was certain we had blown it to smithereens, when you shoved a hydrogen balloon up its throat.\'94\
He shrugged in that superior way of his that always got under her skin. \'93We did kill it. There were two of them,\'94 he said.\
\'93How do you know?\'94 she asked. Even with the still glowing embers of the fire, it was still too dark to get a good look at the Beast.\
\'93No weaponry on this one. Also, I must admit I was wrong about what I said earlier. They were trying to get us out of the way, as I suspected, but they meant to do so in a much more permanent way than I initially believed. Two of these damned things? Evidently not a test devised by the monarchy.\'94\
Definitely not, Miss Monday agreed. Just one of these things was enough to wreck their ship. But two of them? It was miraculous that there were any survivors to speak of. \'93So, they want us dead. That\'92s not exactly news, is it?\'94\
\'93No,\'94 Mr. O agreed, \'93But we have learned something important from all of this, haven\'92t we?\'94 He stooped over and, flinching at first because the exoskeleton was still hot and because some of his ribs were broken, began to pry the roach\'92s chitinous shell from its body. \'93Help me with this, would you? I want to bring a sample back to the laboratory for Dr. Simms.\'94\
\'93Well, yes, we certainly know what they\'92re capable of, now, don\'92t we?\'94 she said, reaching over to help with the shell, which pried apart with a sound like gauze being stripped off an infected wound.\
\'93Yes, precisely. When they set the mechanically enhanced dead upon us, they showed their hand. This revealed the involvement of Dr. Tidkins; his knowledge of the Lazarus Virus combined with his aptitude as both engineer and surgeon made that abundantly clear. The use of Beasts, mutated beyond what is commonly expected from a Lazarus mutation, reveals that Tidkins' knowledge has expanded since leaving the Agency\'97meaning that he has had access either to a a laboratory in which to conduct research or to collaborators with whom he could compare notes. They have also revealed the weapons with which they intend to fight. Giant Beasts armed with machine guns. Certainly threatening, but less so, now that we know what we\'92re up against. And the forged letter reveals the depth of their network; it seems that they have spies even within the monarchy. Each attempt on our lives reveals another clue. And who knows what else we will discover from this creature\'92s remains? Let them try to kill us again!\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head. She wasn\'92t quite sure what to do with the hot chunk of carapace in her hand, so she held it awkwardly at her side. \'93Sir, you\'92re still drunk.\'94\
\'93No,\'94 he said. \'93Falling from an airship\'97twice in one night\'97was quite sobering. I\'92m not drunk; I\'92m simply worked up. They\'92ve killed my friends. They\'92ve killed my crew. They\'92ve destroyed my airship. They\'92ve tried to kill me. And they nearly killed you as well. It\'92s time we send them a message.\'94\
\'93What message?\'94\
\'93That we are not to be trifled with!\'94 he said, more loudly than he intended. As an addendum, he added quietly, \'93Hm, perhaps I 
\i am
\i0  still a bit drunk.\'94\
Miss Monday sighed. Oh, really, she thought sarcastically, though she kept the thought to herself. \'93By the way,\'94 she said, \'93How are we going to get back to London?\'94\
Mr. O looked around and seemed to be seeing for the first time that they were deep within a forest miles away from London, in pitch-black night. \'93Shit,\'94 he muttered to himself. \'93Now, that is a very good question.\'94}