{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 His was truly a face that only a mother could love. And even she might have preferred him if he\'92d been pretty. It wasn\'92t as though he had a hideous disfigurement, an amputation, a scarred face or blemishes. Mostly, what it came down to was a total absence of handsome features.\
His chin, average. His eyes, pale. His cheekbones, just so slightly too high. His lips, just a bit too thin. His body, under muscled, weak.\
It was mostly that amalgam of subpar features that made him unattractive. But then, as if the universe felt that he had gotten off easy, it had also bestowed upon him another burden of physiognomy. Albinism. If merely being unhandsome wasn\'92t enough to make him a pariah, his unnaturally white hair, pale skin, pale and rose-hued eyes would always do the trick. More than that, he also had a heightened sensitivity to sunlight, frail health, and a steadily increasing number of various phobias.\
Knowing all this, one might assume that Anthony did not have a happy childhood. This assumption would be folly. In spite of the odds being stacked against him, Anthony did at least have a few tools at his disposal, which he used to great effect, not to make a great deal of friends, but at least to make a few that were uncommonly loyal. It was not just his intelligence, his perspecaciousness, or his curiosity that made him interesting to his loyal circle of friends. Mostly, it was his fearlessness.\
He curled his hand into a fist. \'93What did you call me?\'94 he demanded.\
The boy sneered. Here was a boy half his size, frail-looking and weird. Parasol in hand, dark glasses over his eyes.\
\'93You're gonna fight me?\'94 he said with a laugh.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Anthony, folding his parasol in preparation for the altercation.\
\'93Don\'92t,\'94 said one of Anthony\'92s entourage. Under his breath, his friend whispered a cautionary reminder. \'93You\'92ve never won a fight before. Not one.\'94\
Anthony laughed. \'93Maybe this will be the first,\'94 he said.}