{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Well?\'94 said the surgeon, when Anthony knocked upon the door.\
\'93Are you Dr. Allen?\'94 he asked nervously. \'93My father sent me.\'94\
The surgeon nodded. He stood aside and beckoned for the boy to enter.\
The lock on the door of his father\'92s cabinet had not stopped Anthony from attempting to learn his father\'92s trade. Anthony had merely been forced to call upon the expertise of one of the boys in his entourage, a boy who knew how to pick locks.\
At last, in what was presumably an effort to rid his father of the nuisance of his son, Anthony had been sent here. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2767F3F6-3F60-417A-8B89-1B62C4EEC181"}}{\fldrslt He was to be apprenticed to a surgeon\'97one who was more patient than Anthony\'92s father, and who ran a medical school\'97in London. Anthony was eleven years old at the time.}}\
\'93Come in,\'94 said the surgeon. \'93How was the journey here? Long, I imagine. Did you travel by train?\'94\
\'93No, sir, by airship,\'94 said Anthony.\
The surgeon led him to a dining room, pulled out a chair and gestured for Anthony to sit. As he sat, Anthony took in the room. The first thing that he noticed was that the surgeon\'92s books were not behind lock and key. They were not even neatly organised on a single shelf, but spread about the room, some of them open and marked up by the surgeon\'92s own pen. Most of the books were the same as the ones his father owned, but there were some that were unfamiliar.\
He also had a number of preparations in glass jars\'97lizards with two tails, dissected internal organs, jellyfish, baby crocodiles, a monkey's skull.\
The surgeon disappeared through the hallway for only a moment, and when he returned he was accompanied by a servant, who laid out a plate of food or the boy. Anthony dug in, but amidst eating, he began to pester the surgeon with questions.\
\'93What book is that?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Gray\'92s Anatomy,\'94 said the surgeon.\
\'93Oh,\'94 said Anthony, a bit disappointed. \'93I\'92ve read that. Yours looks different from the copy my father owns.\'94\
\'93This is the American edition,\'94 the surgeon explained. \'93So you\'92ve read Henry Gray?\'94\
\'93I\'92ve practically memorized it,\'94 said Anthony, more enthusiastic than boastful. \'93It\'92s fascinating, isn\'92t it?\'94 Almost immediately, he became distracted. \'93What\'92s that one?\'94 he asked around a mouthful of bread.\
\'93The Institutes and Practice of Surgery. Have you read it?\'94\
Anthony nodded.\
\'93You like to read, don\'92t you?\'94 said the surgeon.\
Anthony nodded again.\
\'93We have that in common," said the surgeon. "But I prefer reading bodies to reading books. Beginning tomorrow, we\'92ll be taking a more practical approach to your studies.\'94\
\'93What will I need to do?\'94 asked Anthony.\
\'93Nothing at all. Just observe,\'94 said the surgeon.}