{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick hurried downstairs to see what his dog had discovered. He followed the sound of Bailey\'92s bark, and discovered him, barking angrily at the door to a closet. He was doing circles, yipping loudly, but when he heard his master\'92s footsteps, he cocked his head imploringly at him, and waited.\
Roderick approached the closet door and without hesitation, pulled it open. It became immediately clear what had gotten Bailey so riled up. The stench of decay was pungent enough that Roderick himself could have tracked down the body by its smell, had he taken the time for a thorough search.\
How the policemen could have missed it was confounding. How could London\'92s finest, apparently trained in investigative procedures, be so incompetent as to miss the rotting corpse that was left behind at the very home where the death had taken place? When Roderick\'92s aggravation subsided, he took a moment to survey the cadaver.\
He\'92d not known Lord Connor while he was alive, but he\'92d seen a photograph. It was difficult to tell that this was him, however, as the entry wound of the bullet that must have killed him had rendered him more or less unrecognizable. But evidence and circumstance suggested that yes, this was the body of Lord Connor.\
\'93Good boy,\'94 he said in praise of Bailey, who had settled down now that the body had been unveiled.\
He put a hand on the dog\'92s head, ruffled his fur affectionately, but kept his eyes on Connor\'92s body. What secrets the cadaver would reveal. Forensics was not an area with which Roderick was intimately familiar, and in all honesty, even an expert in the subject might stumble when examining a body for signs that it had come back to life after death and had subsequently been killed again.\
But Roderick was determined to glean whatever he could from the evidence. It was impossible to ascertain the cause of death; one might assume, at first glance, that he had been killed by the gunshot wound. But Roderick was not convinced that this was the case. The wound was not consistent with that hypothesis. Connor might very well have been shot post-mortem, which would lend itself to the vampirism theory.\
It was also clear that Connor had been dreadfully sick. His body was in an advanced state of decay, well beyond the norm for a body only so recently deceased. Black and violet sores covered his body from head to toe, his veins were a pale shade of green, and his skin a ghastly palour. The blood around his wound was dry and powdery.\
And then, there were the maggots. Not entirely surprising to find maggots on a rotting corpse, but when Roderick leaned in for a closer inspection, he thought that there was something strange about them. He took a step back. He was always quick to trust his instincts, and there was something very wrong about the maggots.\
Cautiously, he stooped down to get another look. Yes, that was it. They were abnormally large. Some of them more so than others. More unsettling still, the largest of the maggots were unusually coloured, greyish rather than their usual fleshy pink. And, as Roderick dared to get closer still, he saw that they had teeth.\
\'93What in the name of\'97\'94\
Bailey jumped forward, baring his teeth and getting between Roderick and the maggot-ridden body. Roderick stepped back, sickened by what he was seeing. Connor\'92s stomach was moving, not reanimated by its own volition, but by something writhing within. Like a woman pregnant with some\'85thing, his stomach was expanding. Rapidly, getting bigger.\
There was a sickening crunch like the wet snap of celery, as Connor\'92s stomach exploded open, and the thing tore its way out of his belly. At this, Bailey retreated, suddenly too frightened to protect his master. Roderick\'92s eyes widened.\
The creature bared its own teeth, gnashing and snapping blindly as it crawled out of the dead man\'92s womb. It looked like the maggots, only much larger, about Bailey\'92s size, and it was a sickly shade of grey, with a row of sharp white teeth.\
Appalled, Roderick reached for the door. The creature seemed to hear his movement, or sense him somehow. It reared back its ugly head, and with a disturbing sound coming from its mouth, it pounced like a lunging viper. Roderick stepped aside and slammed the door shut.\
Too late. The creature was on this side of the closet, with him and Bailey.}