{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick was still unarmed. Really, he shouldn\'92t have gone in the house without taking the time to arm himself, but after confronting the vampires in the alleyway and being bound, gagged, and thrown against his will into a Brougham by the goddesses of Fate, he had felt that the dangers of an empty manor would be negligible.\
He was wrong. A rare occurrence, but it might be his last mistake. He backed away slowly, until his back was pressed up against the wall.\
Bailey, meanwhile, was dancing circles around the overgrown maggot, yipping and snarling at it. While Roderick had to commend his companion\'92s effort, the monstrous creature would occasionally snarl back, causing Bailey to whimper and jump back. If this went on for too long, he worried that Bailey would be bitten, and he had no idea what effect that might have. The creature\'92s anomalous size must have been the result of feasting on Lord Connor, who was supposed to have come back from the dead. The logical conclusion, that whatever had caused Connor\'92s resurrection, it was transferable, and had caused the mutation of the maggots. What would happen to Bailey if he were to be infected by this strange disease? Roderick had no desire to find out.\
\'93Bailey,\'94 he said in his sternest voice. \'93Get away from that vile creature!\'94\
Ignoring his master, Bailey persisted in trying to chase the creature away. Perhaps Roderick\'92s sternest voice wasn\'92t quite stern enough. Sterner measures were required.\
\'93Very well then, Bailey. If you will not listen to reason, I shall have to vanquish the creature myself.\'94\
Putting the decoy copy of Feast of Blood on the counter, he sought out a weapon. He found one that might be suitable. A brass poker by the fireplace. He took care not to get within striking distance as he crossed the room and seized the poker.\
Then he stepped forward to face the beast, brandishing the weapon with a fencing pose. \'93Back, Bailey,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92ve got this.\'94\
The creature hissed, and Bailey retreated. Roderick stepped forward, thrusting the poker at its face. It moved back swiftly. How it could move so quickly could only be the result of a further mutation; the creature had sprouted a set of limbs. On many legs, it moved, centipede-like, snarling at Roderick as he retreated from his rod.\
He swung, once, missed and lost his balance. He quickly recovered and reassumed his fencer\'92s pose. Roderick was not well-trained in fencing. He did not possess an athletic disposition. But he had taken fencing lessons, briefly, just long enough to learn the proper stance but not long enough to learn a proper thrust or riposte. His swings were clumsy and easily avoided by the monstrous larva. But it was enough to herd the creature into the corner of the room, where it might be more easily dispatched.\
Bailey continued to yap loudly, but he kept his distance. Each time the maggot looked like it might be about to strike, Bailey would step in, bare his teeth, and growl. The maggot continued to retreat, until finally, it was cornered. No chance for it to retreat, this is where the fight would take place. It reared back and hissed, snakelike, and pounced.\
Roderick stepped aside and swung, overhead. He struck the floor, narrowly missing the creature. His own hand throbbed from the blow, the rod vibrating in his hand. Before he had a chance to recover, the creature went for his legs. There was nothing to do but kick. His foot connected, striking the creature in the belly.\
It flew back and struck the wall. Roderick grimaced. For once he regretted removing his shoes. At least his shoes would not be soiled. The creature was quickly recovering. Roderick struck again, this time with the fireplace poker. With an awful squish, the creature\'92s body split in two. Viscous black liquid splattered on the floor and on the wall.\
\'93Ugh,\'94 said Roderick.\
Bailey was still barking. Roderick looked down and saw that the creature\'92s head was still moving, somehow still inching towards his feet. Still clutching the fire poker, he swung again. And again. Until, finally it ceased moved.\
Just as the maggot finally stopped twitching, there was a knock from the inside of the closet door. Breathing heavily, Roderick let the fire poker clatter to the floor. The pounding continued to come from the door, with increasing frequency and volume. Roderick seized the copy of Feast of Blood from the countertop where he\'92d left it.\
\'93Let\'92s go, Bailey,\'94 he said. \'93I don\'92t fancy fighting any more of those things.\'94\
This time, Bailey was quick to comply with his master\'92s instructions. Eagerly, they made their way to the front door. Roderick wiped his feet on the floor, thrust his bare feet into his shoes, and retreated from the Connor mansion, Bailey in tow.}