{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Anthony returned home with a bloody lip and a black eye.\
\'93Let me see your face,\'94 said Mrs. Cartwright in that stern voice of hers. \'93Have you been fighting again, young man?\'94\
\'93Yes, ma\'92am,\'94 he admitted, shamefaced.\
\'93You know I have to let your father know,\'94 she said.\
Anthony smiled.\
\'93Yes, Mrs. Cartwright. I understand.\'94\
\'93Be a good lad and run along to your room,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92ll bring your supper up in a minute.\'94\
He nodded and excused himself. He did as she asked, but he left his room open a crack, so he could overhear the conversation when Mrs. Cartwright told Anthony\'92s father about the fighting. When she did, his father hardly seemed interested.\
\'93Boys will be boys,\'94 he muttered, clearly distracted by something.\
Mrs. Cartwright sighed. Through the crack in the door, Anthony saw the conversation unfold.\
"I'm busy, Mrs. Cartwright, if you please."\
\'93Sir,\'94 she said, but Anthony\'92s father barely looked up.\
In some ways, Anthony would have prefered to be punished to being ignored. It had gotten worse since his mother passed away a few years ago.\
Anthony quickly hid his face from the crack in the door so he wouldn\'92t be caught eavesdropping. Not that he\'92d be in trouble for eavesdropping. His father didn't care for anything but his work. He sat down on his bed and opened his book, just as Mrs. Cartwright came in.\
"What's that you're reading?"\
"Mysteries of London," he told her.\
"Not another penny dreadful, is it?" she asked. "You know your father doesn't like you reading that sort of thing."\
Anthony pretended not to hear her, keeping his eyes on the book. Stupid of her to use his father as an excuse for telling him not to read his penny blood, he thought. His father didn't care.\
And besides, Anthony had tried reading other books. Like his father's medical books. At first, the scientific terminology and elevated scholarly language was beyond his understanding. But the more he began to read, the more he began to understand, and the more obsessive he became with his father\'92s books. Anthony had expected his father to praise him for taking his education upon himself, or to appreciate that they shared a common interest. But that was not to be. Now, his father's books remained behind a locked cabinet, and Anthony was left reading penny dreadfuls.\
Mrs. Cartwright threw her hands up and walked out of his room in a huff.\
"I give up!" she cried dramatically. "What am I to do when neither of the men of this house will heed my advice?"}