{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs40 \cf2 Clotho
\f1\fs34 \cf0 \

\b\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	
\b Role in Story:
\b0 	
\b \
	Occupation:
\b0 	\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Physical Description:
\b0 	\
\
	
\b Personality:
\b0 	
\f2\fs28 On the surface, she seems to be the most na\'efve, the most childish, and the most superficial, yet there is a certain intelligence about her.
\f1\fs26 \
\
	
\b Habits/Mannerisms:
\b0 	\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Background:
\b0 	One of 
\f2\fs28 the Moirae, also known as the Three Fates, and the Daughters of Nyx, Clotho is a fortune teller, who claims that she and her sisters truly are the three fates of Greek mythology \'96 eternally ancient and powerful, they control each man and woman\'92s fate.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 If their claim is to be believed, their most notable power is of course dominion over fate \'96 yet it is not their only power. They are also seers and can use this gift to see into the future. Although their story is hardly believed in popular society, they have earned a reputation for hauntingly accurate predictions when it comes to their fortune-telling business. \u8232 \u8232 Clotho, the youngest of the sisters is known as the Spinner. She has dominion over birth and as such looks at the future with optimism and enthusiasm.\u8232 \u8232 Thousands of years old like her sisters (if the stories are to be believed), she stands out in that she has adapted well to the ever-changing world around her and is savvy about popular culture and has a reasonably keen business sense.
\f1\fs26 \
	
\b Internal Conflicts:
\b0 	\
\
	
\b External Conflicts:
\b0 	
\f2\fs28 The sisters constantly engage in sibling rivalry, bicker with one another and sometimes even engage in physical fights amongst themselves.
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Notes:
\b0 	}