{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs40 \cf2 Lachesis
\f1\fs34 \cf0 \

\b\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	
\b Role in Story:
\b0 	
\b \
	Occupation:
\b0 	\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Physical Description:
\b0 	\
\
	
\b Personality:
\b0 	\
\
	
\b Habits/Mannerisms:
\b0 	\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Background:
\b0 	One of 
\f2\fs28 the Moirae, also known as the Three Fates, and the Daughters of Nyx, Lachesis is a fortune teller, who claims that she and her sisters truly are the three fates of Greek mythology \'96 eternally ancient and powerful, they control each man and woman\'92s fate.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 If their claim is to be believed, their most notable power is of course dominion over fate \'96 yet it is not their only power. They are also seers and can use this gift to see into the future. Although their story is hardly believed in popular society, they have earned a reputation for hauntingly accurate predictions when it comes to their fortune-telling business.\u8232 \u8232 Lachesis is the middle sister in every sense. Known as the Apportioner, she has dominion over one\'92s lifetime (essentially everything that falls between birth and death). She is the most balanced of the sisters \'96 partway between Clotho and partway between Lachesis. Everything about her is moderate \'96 her temper, her enthusiasm, even her sense of fashion. Never the leader, she seems not to have any ideas of her own but will follow as she sees fit.
\f1\fs26 \
\
	
\b Internal Conflicts:
\b0 	\
\
	
\b External Conflicts:
\b0 	
\f2\fs28 The sisters constantly engage in sibling rivalry, bicker with one another and sometimes even engage in physical fights amongst themselves.
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Notes:
\b0 	}