{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs40 \cf2 Atropos
\f1\fs34 \cf0 \

\b\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	
\b Role in Story:
\b0 	
\b \
	Occupation:
\b0 	Fortune Teller\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Physical Description:
\b0 	\
\
	
\b Personality:
\b0 	\
\
	
\b Habits/Mannerisms:
\b0 	\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Background:
\b0 	One of 
\f2\fs28 the Moirae, also known as the Three Fates, and the Daughters of Nyx, Atropos is a fortune teller, who claims that she and her sisters truly are the three fates of Greek mythology \'96 eternally ancient and powerful, they control each man and woman\'92s fate.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 If their claim is to be believed, their most notable power is of course dominion over fate \'96 yet it is not their only power. They are also seers and can use this gift to see into the future. Although their story is hardly believed in popular society, they have earned a reputation for hauntingly accurate predictions when it comes to their fortune-telling business.\u8232 \u8232 Atropos is the eldest of the sisters, known as the Inflexible. Essentially the polar opposite of Clotho, she has dominion over death and therefore looks at the future with a sense of doom.\u8232 \u8232 On the surface, she seems the most intelligent, dignified, and calculating of the three, yet she is ill-tempered and easily fooled. She is vengeful \'96 utterly incapable of letting go of a grudge. She is also rather old-fashioned and has great difficulty keeping up with the changing times and is nostalgic for the past. At least, that is the persona the fortune-teller has adopted.
\f1\fs26 \
\
	
\b Internal Conflicts:
\b0 	\
\
	
\b External Conflicts:
\b0 	
\f2\fs28 The sisters constantly engage in sibling rivalry, bicker with one another and sometimes even engage in physical fights amongst themselves.
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Notes:
\b0 	}