{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
Miss Monday, hitwoman and thief for hire, manages to infiltrate the masquerade ball of her intended target, Lord Henry Connor. When she finds him, however, he is already dead. Unfortunately, he does not seem inclined to remain in that condition. Soon, he rises, only to be dispatched a moment later by the undeterred hitwoman.\
\
Her escape is unfortunately hindered by a mysterious gentleman known only by the name Mister O, whose only explanation is that he is a monster hunter. While she escapes the ball on her own, he gets rid of Connor\'92s body in his personal airship. Later, she is visited by her new mysterious acquaintance, who offers her a job at the Agency, insisting that he needs her help. She refuses.\
\
Having completed at least one part of her mission at Lord Connor\'92s, Miss Monday visits Hyde Park, intending to drop off the package she retrieved from the ball. There, she is pursued by Mister O, who believes that Miss Monday is in danger. He also believes her employers might have had something to do with Connor\'92s murder.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i0 \cf0 Miss Monday eventually agrees to hear him out; if he can prove the unliving are real, she will help him. He takes her to the Agency and shows her an unliving man floating in a tank of water. Though greatly disturbed, Miss Monday finally realises that Mr. O\'92s story is legitimate. She opens the package from Lord Connor\'92s safe, and discovers that it\'92s empty but for a few scraps of blank paper.\
\
Mr. O and Miss Monday take a trip to the banks of the Thames, where they practice killing zombies, but the unliving are more numerous than usual, and some of them have been tampered with, suggesting the involvement of the Society of Immortals.\
\
They manage to escape, taking one of the bodies with them. Upon returning to the Agency, they deliver the cadaver to Dr. Simms, the Quartermaster, who begins his examination of the corpse. Given the similarity between the mechanical contraptions on the unliving and the mechanical eye Miss Monday wears, she reveals how she lost her eye and her arm, also revealing that Lord Connor was not her first zombie. It is also revealed that Dr. Tidkins, a young and brilliant scientist, was with Miss Monday when she first confronted the unliving (and also gave her the mechanical arm and eye) and later went on to work for the Agency, where he demonstrated interest in finding a cure for the unliving plague via experimentation on crows, but later disappeared without a trace. The coincidence cannot be ignored; Dr. Tidkins is the only person they can think of with the technical expertise and knowledge of the unliving, who could conceivably have created this new breed of the unliving. Still, while they suspect Tidkins, his plans and whereabouts remain a mystery. For the moment, they turn their attentions to another matter.\
\
Mrs. Grimmer delivers a letter from Queen Victoria to Mr. O, informing him of a gruesome task ahead of them; they are to dispatch a particularly deadly insect specimen that has been released\'97apparently as a test of the Agency\'92s competence, devised by Sir Henry on behalf of the Crown\
\
Upon completing this mission, Mr. O and his agents return to the Agency, believing the letter may have been a forgery, and that Dr. Tidkins may have been behind it. Either it was a failed attempt on their lives, or it was an elaborate ruse to get the Agents out of his way while he unleashed his diabolical plan. When they learn that their suspicions are correct, (neither Queen Victoria nor Sir Henry knew anything about the apparent practical test involving the giant unliving insect; Queen Victoria\'92s letter was a forgery), their suspicion of Dr. Tidkins deepens (who else would know so intimately the workings of the Virus, or the Agency\'92s relationship with the Crown, as to be able to pull off the ruse? Who else would have the technical knowledge and technology to fuse clockwork with biological creatures, as had been done with Ms. Monday\'92s eye).\
\
Dr. Simms, having finished his examination, summons the Agents to his office, where he reveals his findings. First, comparing the clockwork contraption attached to the cadaver to the work of the former Quartermaster, the work is definitively that of Dr. Tidkins. There is therefore no longer any doubt of his involvement. Second, while at first he believed the device attached to the cadaver was a device for the purpose of spying, it turns out the device contained a coded message, a recording of the poem The Raven, by Edgar Allan Poe.\
\
Mr. O and his fellow agents arrive at the conclusion that the best way to track Dr. Tidkins may be to visit the site of the machine shop where the parts were manufactured. However, it also occurs to them that a criminal mastermind would not unintentionally have left such an obvious clue for the Agents to follow. Therefore, he must be intentionally leading them to the machine shop. Still, despite knowing that they may be playing right into Tidkins' trap, they have little choice but to track him.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 - As predicted, the machine shop is a trap. The doors of the shop, filled with unliving men and women\'97all of whom are rigged up with clockwork weaponry, are rigged to close and lock automatically when anyone enters the shop. The lights are rigged to shut off. The Agents are locked inside, their predicament much more grave than they could ever have predicted. However, they do have an ace in the sleeve; Mr. Steen\'97one of their Agents\'97strategically remained outside the shop. When they Agents become trapped, he sets about his attempt to free them, while inside, the Agents fight for their lives.\
- Eventually, the Agents manage to escape the machine shop with their lives, unfortunately no closer to capturing Tidkins.\
- However, when they return to The Agency, they discover that the \'93trap\'94 in the machine shop was more than just that. It was also a distraction. While they had been busy fending off the clockwork cadavers in the shop, Tidkins had robbed the Agency of its considerable supply of weapons and technology\'97including the Penny Dreadful itself.\
- Unable to gain the well-deserved respect of the scientific community due to his age (seventeen) and eccentricity (he wears a plague doctor\'92s mask at all times), he means to shock the world with his scientific prowess, by revealing the existence of the unliving.\
- He intends to release the Virus in the form of gas, transforming London into a city of the dead. Besides his wish to shock the world with his scientific endeavours and gain respect, he also needs a large number of test subjects in order to test the effects of the Unliving Plague. He hopes that some of them will display signs of immunity; if so, he believes a cure may be derived. If a cure for death can be discovered, it will be the key to immortality.\
- What\'92s more, Tidkins did not work alone. His plans are not all his own. He is a key member of a faction called The Resurrectionists. With them, he has been conducting scientific studies on unwilling test subjects in order to find a cure for death itself. They believe the Unliving Plague is essential to their research.\
- It seems that Tidkins may just get away with his plan too; he now possesses the Penny Dreadful, the greatest of Mr. Simms\'92 work; the bulk of the Agency\'92s weapons and technology; the knowledge of how to create those enormous insect abominations; and an army of unliving cadavers.\
- What the Agency does not know: the clockwork cadavers are just a distraction. While they\'92re busy fending off the unliving clockwork army, the virus is being distributed across London via dirigible (releasing the disease in gaseous from above, like a crop duster)\
- Eventually, the Agents manage to stop Tidkins' army of cadavers, and find Tidkins, but it\'92s already too late. Already, he\'92s released the infectious gas over much of London.\
- As the book draws to a close, the Penny Dreadful floats above London; having taken some damage, its canvas is in tatters, and all that remains of its name is a single word. Dreadful.\
\
\
\
Subplot:\
\
Roderick Steen is hired to investigate the disappearance of Lord Henry Connor. When he arrives on the scene, he declares that Connor has been murdered. \'93It\'92s obvious, is it not? Has no one else the liberty or inclination to use their sense of smell? It smells of death in here.\'94 His investigation continues\'97following a trail of clues left at the \'93scene of the crime\'94\'97until it eventually leads him to the very machine shop where Mr. O and Miss Monday have been trapped by Anthony Tidkins. A hasty rescue ensues, and the crew begin to put their heads together.}