{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 1819\'97Queen Victoria\'92s Birth\
1866\'97Jonathan Grimmer\'92s Birth\
1868\'97Annabel Gray\'92s Birth\
1871\'97Jack Bernhardt\'92s Birth\
1878\'97Jonathan Grimmer is infected by the Lazarus Virus\
1879\'97Mr. O\'92s father, Mr. Grimmer, founds the Agency in order to fight the Lazarus Virus, which started with his son\
1884\'97Anthony Tidkins moves to America as Dr. Allen\'92s apprentice\
1888\'97Several Whitechapel prostitutes are attacked and killed by unliving men. The Agency hires one of their writers to cover up the attacks. He concocts a story about a murderer he calls Jack The Ripper.\
1889\'97Dr. Allen pays a visit to Anthony Tidkins, who has moved back to London and given up on practicing surgery. He compels Tidkins to join the Society of Immortals and introduces him to Rachelle Vincent (Mircalla Karnstein). They explain their interest in curing death\'97Dr. Vincent has been pursuing research in Haiti\'97and Tidkins reluctantly agrees.\
1889\'97Dr. Tidkins hires Annabel Gray to assassinate Papa Doc, who has been interfering with Dr. Vincent\'92s research in Haiti\
1889\'97Dr. Allen begins work in military research, pursuing research into behaviour altering drugs used in voodoo to create zombies, something he discovered during his research on zombies.\
1890\'97Oscar Wilde\'92s The Picture of Dorian Gray is published. It quickly becomes Annabel Gray\'92s favourite novel.\
1890\'97Dr. Allen, having taken his own drugs, begins experimenting on unwilling research participants, killing them in the process and publicly displaying the results of his experiments. He publishes several papers with the results. The military denies he ever worked for them; he goes into hiding.\
1890\'97Dr. Vincent and Dr. Tidkins return to England with renewed enthusiasm for their research. Despite the unhinged mind of his mentor, Dr. Tidkins convinces Dr. Vincent that Allen\'92s research is crucial to their own success. They formally found the Society of Immortals, which had previously just been an idea\
1892\'97Upon his return to London, Dr. Tidkins accepts a job working for The Agency\
\
1897\'97Dr. Allen becomes ill. After years in hiding, The Society must move their plans forward if they hope to save him, although the cure is not yet ready.\
1898\'97Mr. Sinews meets Dr. Vincent, who then learns of his obsession with Dr. Allen and begins plotting to frame him for her murder\
1898\'97Mr. Grimmer (senior) dies. The Agency considers replacing him with Jonathan Grimmer\
1898\'97Lord Connor is killed. Jonathan Grimmer believes he was a member of the Society of Immortals. He follows up on another lead into the Society\'92s activities, an unpublished article written by Parson Sinews, which he finds on his father\'92s desk.\
1898\'97Meeting at the Moirae Caf\'e9 with Jonathan Grimmer, Parson Sinews, Henry Ocelot, Edward Steen, Anthony Tidkins, and Mrs. Hatton\'97Mr. Grimmer learns of Dr. Allen, who he believes must be responsible for Lord Connor\'92s death\
1898\'97Dr. Vincent uses the Lazarus Virus to kill her twin sister, believing she will later manage to find a cure. This is necessary in order to frame Parson Sinews for murder.\
1898\'97Parson Sinews is blamed for Dr. Allen\'92s murders and is quietly dragged off to the Prison of Secrets. While Sinews knows \'93too much,\'94 and is known to be innocent, Dr. Vincent wishes to keep him alive for sentimental reasons.\
1898\'97Dr. Vincent goes into hiding with the Society, keeping her sister\'92s body as well-preserved as possible in order to resurrect her.\
\
1898\'97Miss Monday manages to break into Lord Connor\'92s safe.\
1898\'97Mr. O tails Miss Monday, interrupting her as she is about to deliver the contents of the safe. He eventually realises that she is telling the truth when she says she only killed Connor in self-defence, and that Connor was sick. He still believes the Society of Immortals was involved, and he worries that she may be in danger. He tells her about the meeting at the Moirae Caf\'e9 and about his suspicions about Lord Connor\'92s involvement in the Society of Immortals. He suspects that Connor may have been trying to leave the Society and that they were trying to kill one of their own members, and the name of Miss Monday\'92s contact presents further proof that the Society hired her to steal from one of their own. This could be ground-breaking news, and he wants to know more about Miss Monday\'92s part in it. He asks her to meet at his office.\
1898\'97To Mr. O\'92s surprise, Miss Monday agrees to meet him at the Agency\'97what he doesn\'92t know is that she once worked for Dr. Tidkins, a member of the Society of Immortals. As a result of that engagement she lost her eye and her arm to the Lazarus Virus, and while Tidkins replaced her missing limb and eye with prosthetics, he offered no explanation or apology and disappeared without a trace. Mr. O may be the first lead she\'92s had in years.\
1898\'97Mr. O and Miss Monday discover the Agency\'92s underground facilities and thereby discover that Mr. O\'92s father ran a secret society with the mission of protecting London from the infected victims of the Lazarus Virus, the unliving. Miss Monday, meanwhile, knows them as zombies.\
1898\'97Miss Monday and Mr. O are officially brought in to the Agency, where they are forced to quickly learn the ropes\'97dispatching hordes of zombies, accompanying the crew of the Penny Dreadful on a mission to keep the Agency afloat\'97all the while pursuing any leads they might have on the Society of Immortals. The \'93recording device\'94 on one of the Lazarus victims by the Thames. The mutated insects, which have been introduced to more than just Lazarus.\
1898\'97Monday and O finally manage to catch up to Dr. Tidkins, where they learn that Tidkins believes that the pair of them may have some immunity to Lazarus. He believes he is close to finding a cure, but in order to test it, he has had to unleash Lazarus on London. The Society believes that some people may show a certain resistance to the plague; understanding this resistance is key to finding a cure. What Mr. O and Miss Monday don\'92t realise is that Tidkins has already released Lazarus.\
1901\'97Parson Sinews escapes the Prison of Secrets and seeks to discover why he was sent there in the first place.\
1901\'97Roderick Steen is hired by the government to find and capture Mr. Sinews\'97who he at first believes is Dr. Allen. \
1901\'97Steen eventually uncovers a conspiracy that runs deep through the British government. The Society of Immortals has promised immortality to Queen Victoria herself and to the upper echelons of British society; in return, the Society\'92s activities are sanctioned by the corrupt government. Dr. Allen\'92s murders, the unleashing of the Lazarus Virus\'97all were sanctioned by the government in exchange for eternal life. Queen Victoria in reality died in 1901, but in this alternate history, her life may be spared by the Lazarus Virus and its cure.}