{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan wasn\'92t easily shocked. From a young age he\'92d been trying his hand at the family business, writing articles for his father\'92s papers. As a newspaper man, Jonathan had often wound up in unusual situations. He\'92d interviewed adulterers, men dressed as women, murderers, and hangmen. For a man of his profession, it was important to be able to remain calm and composed in any situation. The sort of man who could think quickly on his feet. This was precisely the sort of man Jonathan had always believed himself to be.\
And yet he felt utterly disarmed by the scene with which he found himself presented. He\'92d come here to demand answers from Lord Connor, his only real lead into the death of his father. Yet here was Connor, a bullet hole through his skull; the assassin, still beneath the body.\
Perhaps sobriety was to be blamed, or insobriety, depending on how one thought of it; at any rate, he was soberer than usual, and as such more susceptible to shock. It had taken him a moment, but finally, Jonathan thought to draw a weapon. He had one, a pistol, in his belt somewhere. He reached for it, drew the gun from his belt, but the assassin was quicker. Much quicker.\
\'93Drop it,\'94 said the assassin, already on his feet. His voice was cold, threatening. He felt immediately compelled to obey. Slowly, taking care not to alarm his enemy, he lowered the weapon to the floor.\
\'93Kick it over here.\'94\
Jonathan did as directed.\
When he stood, the assassin had moved closer and had his pistol aimed directly at Jonathan\'92s face. His own weapon had been stuffed into the assassin\'92s belt.\
\'93You\'92ve got five seconds to tell me what you\'92re doing in here, before I blow you to smithereens.\'94\
\'93I\'85I\'85what?\'94 Jonathan stammered.\
The assassin withdrew a watch, flipped it open, and held it up so that Jonathan could see the hands ticking. One second. Two. Three.\
\'93You don\'92t know what you\'92ve done,\'94 Jonathan blurted out at the last second. It wasn\'92t an answer to the question, not in the least, but it caused the hired gunman to hesitate.\
Like Jonathan, he allowed himself a glance at Connor\'92s body. His only tangible lead in his investigation of the Resurrectionists, reduced to this. A pile of rotting flesh. And dead men tell no tales. Had Connor been silenced? Was that the cause of his assassination? Did the assassin know\'97
\i could
\i0  he know\'97just who it was that he\'92d killed? What Connor had been, the sort of people he associated with. Jonathan doubted it.\
\'93You shouldn\'92t have done it,\'94 he said, indicating the body. He knew that he was being hysterical, speaking faster than he ought to, gesturing more loudly than he would under ordinary circumstances. But what the proper etiquette was for a gentleman with a gun pointed at his head, he could not say. \'93You shouldn\'92t have killed him. Not him. Not Lord Connor.\'94\
The assassin snorted. Apparently he had no sympathy for Jonathan\'92s duress. Yet he closed the pocket watch and lowered his gun.\
\'93And why not?\'94\
\'93Do you even know why you were hired to kill him?\'94 asked Jonathan. The assassin looked at him blankly, which Jonathan took to mean no. He sighed. \'93You don\'92t ask questions when you\'92re hired, do you? You just do as you\'92re told?\'94\
The gunman shrugged.\
\'93I\'92m sorry. If Connor was a close friend of yours. If he was a good man\'85\'94\
\'93It\'92s not that,\'94 said Jonathan, genuinely surprised to hear an apology from the assassin. \'93It\'92s just that perhaps just this once you ought to have asked more questions of the men who hired you. I don\'92t know what they wanted with Connor, but you should know that the men Connor worked for\'85they\'92re dangerous.\'94\
\'93What do you mean? Connor was just some fancy Lord. Some aristocrat. He didn\'92t 
\i work
\i0  for anyone.\'94\
\'93He did,\'94 Jonathan insisted. \'93Look, would you just listen? I believe your life is in danger.\'94\
\'93My life 
\i is
\i0  danger,\'94 he said eventually. \'93But what are you talking about? Who are you? What do you know about Lord Connor that I don\'92t?\'94\
\'93You\'92ve heard of the Resurrectionists, I imagine?\'94 asked Jonathan.\
The assassin nodded. \'93Bunch of lunatic boffins, aren\'92t they?\'94 said the assassin.\
Jonathan raised an eyebrow. The man was dressed as a gentleman, but the disguise didn\'92t quite hold up under scrutiny. His manner of speaking wasn\'92t exactly gentlemanly. And that went beyond the obvious, that he was colder and rougher than the average gentleman, or that he was a hired killer.\
\'93Lunatic boffins,\'94 Jonathan repeated with a smirk. \'93I suppose that about sums it up.\'94\
He moved into the room. Evidently this murderer, whoever he was, was a crack-shot with a pistol, and wasn\'92t about to let him leave without an explanation. And Jonathan preferred to do so with the lights on. He set about lighting a candle, as the lantern had gone out and the little light from the hallway was hardly comfortable for the extended conversation this was turning into.\
\'93They are a group of likeminded men of science whose controversial theories on the nature of mortality\'97among other unconventional studies\'97have forced them to pursue their research in relative secrecy. Relative, because while the real names of the Resurrectionists and the exact nature of their research remain unknown, they\'92ve made headlines in the past with a series of gruesome murders committed by the most notorious of their members. Surely you\'92ve heard of Dr. Allen. The other members wrote letters to my father\'92s paper, defending him, describing his crimes as 
\i research
\i0 .\'94\
\'93What does this have to do with Lord Connor?\'94 he replied, keeping an eye on Jonathan the entire time.\
Jonathan would have preferred not to share this with anyone, least of all a stranger. At this point, though the handwriting was clearly a match, he wasn\'92t entirely sure that sufficed to prove Connor\'92s guilt beyond a doubt. At the very least, he\'92d have liked to question Connor about it. But then, he was essentially being held at gunpoint. He made his way to the door, slowly, careful not to give the impression that he was intending to flee. That gun could go off before he had a chance to get half a foot into the hallway.\
He closed the door, now that the room was lit, and said quietly, \'93I have in my possession two letters which collectively prove that Lord Connor was a member of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://59D1B27F-CEB6-41AD-BE09-0F566D431AC0"}}{\fldrslt Resurrectionists.\'94}}\
It was impossible to judge the assassin\'92s reaction to this piece of information. He was masked, for one, and it was dark enough in here, even with the candle. And for another thing, his right eye was hidden behind some sort of mechanical monocle. As its clockwork gears rotated, the lens pivoted around its axis in a way that was similar to the movement of an eye. Jonathan wasn\'92t sure how it worked or what its purpose was, but he had the sensation that the assassin was looking straight through him.\
He decided not to mention the third letter, or his suspicion that Lord Connor had been involved in his father\'92s murder. He held out the letters to the assassin, but the man waved his hand, dismissing the offer.\
\'93I believe you,\'94 said the assassin. \'93But so what? I\'92ve killed one of the lunatic boffins. Big deal.\'94\
\'93Perhaps not. But remember, they are as you say, lunatic boffins. Inventors, scientists, engineers, surgeons, and all of them mad as hatters. Are these really the sort of gentlemen you\'92d want as your enemies?\'94\
\'93Yet here 
\i you 
\i0 are. Are you certain you\'92re not the one who\'92s in over his head, Mr\'85?\'94\
\'93Well, obviously 
\i I\'92m 
\i0 in over my head. That point hardly needed to be expounded upon, did it?\'94 he exclaimed. \'93But I didn\'92t come here to kill Lord Connor. Just to ask questions. Questions which, I\'92m afraid, will have to remain unanswered.\'94\
He was stalling, grasping for a name. He couldn\'92t very well give his real name to the assassin.\
\'93Mr. O,\'94 he said finally. His middle initial. As good a name as any.\
\'93Oh?\'94\
\'93Exactly,\'94 Jonathan replied. \'93And you are?\'94\
\'93Monday,\'94 said the assassin, reaching out and shaking his hand. \'93It seems, Mr. O, that we are in this together. At the very least, for the moment. That is, assuming you would prefer to remain on my good side.\'94\
\'93Are you threatening me?\'94\
\'93Sorry,\'94 said the assassin, stepping closer and drawing his pistol again. He spun the gun expertly in his hand, taking care to give the impression that it was a casual, idle gesture, though the threat was clear. \'93I didn\'92t mean to be so indirect. So let me be clear: if you cause a scene, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://87DF7ED1-330A-450B-BD73-3233376EFA48"}}{\fldrslt I will destroy you.}} I will ensure that Lord Connor\'92s death is pinned on you and you alone. You will therefore have made an enemy of the Resurrectionists, on the one hand, and me, on the other. So, I\'92ll say it again, my new and dear friend. We\'92re in this together, you and me. Aren\'92t we, Mr. O?\'94\
Jonathan sighed. \'93Yes, I suppose we are.\'94\
\'93Good,\'94 said the assassin, stepping back and thrusting his derringer back into his pocket. \'93So, what are we going to do about the body?\'94}