{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel stooped down to get another look at Lord Connor. She had to roll him onto his back to do so, and he was heavy. Damn heavy. She heaved him onto his back. She almost recoiled. She\'92d practically forgotten the vision of horror that was Lord Connor\'92s face. If he had always been so hideous or if it was the illness that had so badly disfigured him, Annabel did not know.\
He was in his sixties, Annabel guessed. His face was whiskered, and his white hair was stained with blood. His skin was mottled and grey, and in places it was cracked and blemished. His eyes were white. His nose was broken where she\'92d kicked him, and there was an exit wound at the back of his skull. She shuddered and stepped back. She hated that she was so disturbed by dead bodies.\
He would be difficult to move, she thought. She looked to Mr. O for ideas and to remind him that her gun could be out of its holster in an instant if he even considered fleeing the room.\
\'93Now, just hold on a minute. I\'92ve told you my business here,\'94 said the gentleman. \'93I believe it\'92s your turn to be forthcoming. Why have you killed Lord Connor?\'94 After a pause, he added, \'93Who hired you?\'94\
Annabel took a moment to examine her ally by circumstance. Perhaps she ought to have done so earlier, but but he was proving to be both resourceful and clever, and Annabel didn\'92t wish to be caught off guard.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C766A04F-325D-4DCE-9D52-73D1C9C2E718"}}{\fldrslt Tall by Annabel\'92s standards, broad-shouldered, and with an athletic frame, his very posture exuded confidence that bordered on arrogance. He was immaculately dressed in rich tones of grey with hints of blue on his ascot. His eyes too, she noted, were blue, so the ascot was well matched. He wore a top hat, black, with a grey ribbon. His clothes were rich and perfectly tailored. He moved gracefully, and smiled charmingly; he wore only a half-mask, leaving the majority of his face bare. It was a handsome one as well, clean-shaven, with strong, masculine features.}}\
She caught a whiff of absinthe on his breath, close as they were to one another, which meant that he was not without his vices. This, thought Annabel, was to his favour. She held perfection in the highest disdain, and Mr. O seemed otherwise to be tottering on the very edge of perfection. She snorted her disdain and criticized the very thing she appreciated about him.\
\'93Your breath smells of anise,\'94 she said.\
\'93Beg your pardon?\'94 he objected.\
\'93You\'92re an absinthe-drinker?\'94 she said.\
\'93Oh, 
\i anise
\i0 ,\'94 he said, careful to enunciate.\
\'93What did you think I said?\'94 Annabel retorted. \'93And anyway, what makes you think I was 
\i hired
\i0  to kill Lord Connor?\'94\
\'93Because!\'94 he protested, as if that was explanation enough. He held out his hands, as if at a loss. \'93Well, for starters, you\'92re far too calm, too composed, too\'85too\'85\'94\
\'93Professional?\'94 she offered. Speaking of which. She grabbed the chair from behind Connor\'92s desk. It was heavy, but she managed to drag it over to the door and wedge it under the latch.\
\'93That is absolutely not what I was going to say, but that is the general idea, yes. You have obviously done this sort of thing before, but you don\'92t seem like a madman.\'94\
\'93I\'92ll take that as a compliment,\'94 Annabel replied, again looking at the body. They really ought to do something about the body, but Annabel was still at a loss as to a solution, and at the moment, no one else seemed to have heard the gunshot or noticed Lord Connor\'92s absence. So instead she kept her ears open for anyone that might be coming, and kept her eye on Mr. O. \'93You deal with a lot of madmen?\'94\
\'93In my line of work, yes. I\'92m a writer, Mr. Monday, of the journalistic variety. I deal with the insane whenever possible.\'94\
\'93I suppose you would,\'94 Annabel admitted. \'93Madness certainly sells papers.\'94\
\'93Yes, and then of course there\'92s your disguise,\'94 said Mr. O, getting back on topic.\
\'93My disguise?\'94 Annabel exclaimed.\
\'93Don\'92t get me wrong. It\'92s very good. You 
\i look
\i0  every bit the gentleman. It\'92s your speech that gives you away.\'94\
Annabel cursed herself. She\'92d been speaking far too much, and what with all the excitement, she\'92d probably let her voice squeak back into its usual upper register. She dropped it down an octave, \'93What about my speech?\'94\
\'93Well, it\'92s obvious you\'92re no aristocrat, are you?\'94 he replied, to Annabel\'92s relief. \'93No offence intended, of course.\'94\
\'93None taken, of course,\'94 said Annabel with a snort. \'93Anyway, while you are correct in that my business with Lord Connor is of a professional nature, I was not hired to 
\i kill
\i0  Lord Connor. Only to rob him.\'94\
\'93Oh,\'94 said Mr. O, clearly surprised by the revelation. Then, gesturing casually at the body, he added, \'93Well, you\'92ve cocked that up quite nicely, haven\'92t you?\'94\
Annabel rolled her eyes. Who was he to criticize her work? As if he could have done the job any better.\
\'93He attacked me!\'94 she said in her defence.\
She didn\'92t know why she felt like she had to defend herself to him. Honestly, she didn\'92t know why she was still talking to him at all. She ought to be either getting rid of the body or just getting herself the hell out of this precarious position.\
Ordinarily, she might have thought to use her feminine wiles to get her out of the situation. In her particular line of work, a flirtatious gesture, a hand gently placed on a gentleman\'92s shoulder, or a coy smile could go a long way. Even with her disfigured face\'97the scar that ran down her cheek, her prosthetic eye\'97she could open doors. She could calm an otherwise dangerous situation, such as this one. Gentlemen, she\'92d learned, were particularly gullible creatures. All it took was the slightest of gestures, and suddenly they\'92d turn from adversary into fierce protector.\
Tonight, of course, she\'92d favoured the gentleman\'92s disguise, preferring the freedom a man\'92s social status offered her, the ability to enter a party unattended, to wander Lord Connor\'92s halls without question, to hire a cab without a discerning glance from her driver. But the advantage of the costume was not without its flaws. Unless Mr. O was of a very particular persuasion, she could not possibly hope to flirt her way out of this situation. And if you can\'92t beat them\'85\
\'93There was something wrong with him. He was sick,\'94 she added.\
And besides, Annabel thought, Connor\'92s death hardly meant that he couldn\'92t still be robbed. She made her way over to the safe. This would be much more difficult now that she could no longer demand the safe\'92s combination from its owner. But she set to work cracking it.\
Mr. O shrugged. Judging from Connor\'92s appearance, and from his nauseating stench, that much was obvious.\
\'93Sick how?\'94 he asked. \'93Tuberculosis? Ergotism?\'94\
\'93Something else, I think. He was trying to eat me,\'94 she offered by way of example.\
\'93He 
\i what
\i0 ?\'94 Mr. O exclaimed.\
\'93Look, this isn\'92t really the time, is it? What are we going to do with the body?\'94\
He nodded, looked at the body silently, and scratched his chin thoughtfully. He held up a finger, as if to say 
\i hold that thought
\i0 , and made his way to the window, drew aside the curtains, and opened the latch. A cool breeze drifted into the room, causing the curtains to ripple like waves and the paper on Connor\'92s desk to dance. The lilting voices of ladies and deep baritone laughs of gentlemen could be heard from somewhere below, but Annabel was still focused on cracking the safe, her ears pressed up so close that she could hear the mechanisms inside, clicking.\
\'93Come over here a moment, would you?\'94\
\'93Almost\'85\'94 she said, ignoring him. She swivelled the safe\'92s lock into the correct position and heard the satisfying click. \'93Got it.\'94\
She pulled the door open and hastily withdrew a thick, yellow envelope.\
Setting it triumphantly upon the desk, she joined Mr. O and looked out. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DD332A40-410E-4D03-B7F2-FF8346BF3D54"}}{\fldrslt In the yard, just a few feet from them, an airship was secured to a tree. It was elegant and sleek in design, with propellors of polished brass mounted along its length and sails beneath its gondola.}}\
\'93Are you insane?\'94 said Anabel, looking at her newfound companion in astonishment. \'93I presume this vessel is yours?\'94\
\'93I like to travel in style,\'94 he replied, looking out at the airship and pretending not to have noticed her annoyance.\
\'93Have you no concept whatsoever of the word 
\i clandestine
\i0 ? The idea is to 
\i avoid
\i0  attention, not draw it. Are you honestly suggesting we throw him in your dirigible and just fly away? You don\'92t think anyone might notice?\'94\
He shrugged. Annabel crossed her arms and tapped her foot.\
\'93Well, yes, I\'92ve always found the airship draws a bit more attention than I\'92d care for. To be honest, I hardly ever use it. It does seem a lucky coincidence that it\'92s parked just outside the window though, doesn\'92t it? When weighed against the option of dragging Connor\'92s body downstairs, through the ballroom, and out the front door, hoping nobody will notice, flying him away in a conveniently located airship doesn\'92t seem like such an absurd option, does it?\'94\
Annabel snorted. Well, when he put it that way, the plan wasn\'92t as idiotic as it seemed upon further consideration, but still, the airship was certain to draw attention.\
\'93Fine,\'94 he said at last, \'93Then I suppose you\'92ve got a better idea?\'94\
\'93I do, actually.\'94 Returning to Connor\'92s desk, she turned away from him, removed her own mask and replaced it with one that was dark plum, the leather shaped to look like a stag\'92s head.\
\'93Stay here,\'94 she said, adopting a voice that better suited Lord Connor\'92s advanced age, \'93I\'92ll have one of my servants fetch a cart and some extra serving clothes. Then we\'92ll simply hide him on the trolley and wheel him out of here, simple as that.\'94\
\'93You never met Lord Connor when he was alive, did you?\'94 asked Mr. O. \'93Just a hint of an Irish accent.\'94\
\'93How\'92s this?\'94 she tried again.\
He nodded. \'93Better.\'94\
\'93Good.\'94\
With a smile, she grabbed the envelope off the desk and headed to the door. She removed the chair and instructed him to replace it after she\'92d gone.\
\'93Back in a moment,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92ll rap three times softly upon the door when I return, so you\'92ll know it\'92s me.\'94\
Before she shut the door, she handed him back his gun.\
A moment later, she abandoned the stag mask, replaced her own, and made her way discreetly downstairs, where she would quietly slip through the door. Mr. O would have to deal with the body on his own. He could fly him away in the airship for all she cared, so long as she was not on it.}