{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The door\'92s bells jingled behind Jonathan as he stepped out into the rain. He had no umbrella to unfurl, as he hadn\'92t been expecting rain when he\'92d headed out. He scanned the sky for his ride home, but it was difficult to see in the rain and darkness. He thought he saw a light flickering from above, its light refracted by the falling raindrops and the mist rising off the cobbles, but he wasn\'92t sure.\
He made his way to the gate, keeping to the path of stepping stones, and pushed it open. Tidkins and the others were nowhere to be seen, but Jonathan could barely see his 
\f1\fs22 own 
\f0\fs28 two feet as the rain began to fall in earnest, so they might not have been far. A deep, low voice resonated through the fog from behind him.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
It was Henry Charles Ocelot. Jonathan spun around to face him and was surprised to see the man\'92s face so close to his own.\
\'93Mr. Ocelot,\'94 said Jonathan, having to speak up to be heard against the noise of falling rain and crashing thunder.\
\'93Sorry if I startled you, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 the large man replied. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5C84E4CA-82DF-4FC7-80B3-5E54AEBB20AD"}}{\fldrslt \'93I wanted to ask you\'85the man who was murdered this evening, the one you mentioned. Who was he?\'94}}\
Jonathan bit his lip. It was only then that he realized he hadn\'92t actually said. He\'92d been spared by Tidkins\'92 revelation of the mass poisoning. Jonathan wasn\'92t sure he could trust Ocelot any more than he could trust Parson Sinews, but he needed all the allies he could muster at this point.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B33FC71F-6804-487F-8312-9BDAC0DB46A5"}}{\fldrslt \'93Lord Henry Connor,\'94 he said.}}\
Ocelot said nothing as he took in the information, but Jonathan could see that he was deep in thought.\
\'93This has something to do with the Resurrectionists,\'94 he said. Jonathan looked at him in surprise, and he added, \'93Why else would you be here, Mr. Grimmer?\'94\
Jonathan nodded.\
\'93You\'92re right. I wouldn\'92t be here,\'94 he said. \'93Can I trust you, Mr. Ocelot?\'94\
\'93My reputation precedes me, does it not? I am a dangerous man, a criminal, a morally reprehensible reprobate, so rich 
\i even the police are under his fingers
\i0 \'85or so they say.\'94 He laughed, a deep baritone laugh. \'93But I believe you can trust me, Mr. Grimmer, because I think you and I are in the same boat.\'94\
Jonathan raised an eyebrow. Was it possible that Ocelot already knew he was implicated in Connor\'92s death? It was possible he\'92d been at Connor\'92s party, but it seemed unlikely, given both his ethnic background and his reputation.\
\'93Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist. I went to his ball to confirm it, but Connor was dead, at the hand of an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://210E24CE-5BB9-443B-B73D-CDA118953CB1"}}{\fldrslt assassin}}.\'94\
If this was news to Ocelot, his reaction didn\'92t make this obvious.\
\'93And who do you think hired the assassin?\'94\
Jonathan spread his hands in surrender.\
\'93Haven\'92t the foggiest.\'94\
\'93If we can safely assume that he was murdered because of his connection to the Resurrectionists, then we must ask ourselves who else knew about this affiliation of Connor\'92s,\'94 Ocelot prodded further.\
\'93Well, his fellow Resurrectionists, for one, I would wager.\'94\
Ocelot nodded.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he said.\
Jonathan ran his hands through his hair, shaking rainwater from his head. He wiped the rain from his face and flicked it from his hand.\
\'93But why?\'94 he wondered aloud. Even as he asked it, an answer became obvious. Apparently his face belied his epiphany.\
\'93You believe Lord Connor had a change of heart,\'94 Ocelot said. \'93He intended to expose his fellow members.\'94\
Jonathan nodded.\
\'93That would be my best guess,\'94 he said. \'93If there\'92s anything else you can tell me about the Resurrectionists. Anything at all that might help me\'85\'94\
\'93Parson Sinews is a great resource,\'94 he said. \'93Obsessive, and utterly addicted to the grotesqueness of the Resurrectionists\'92s activities, Dr. Allen in particular. He followed the Ripper case with similar interest. The case of Dr. Palmer. Burke and Hare.\'94\
Jonathan blinked at that. How could Sinews have followed the Burke and Hare case? It was well before his time. That would have put Sinews at over seventy years of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://278D1CAD-FB89-4560-B128-1BF3D8A43112"}}{\fldrslt age}}.\
\'93He has a difficult personality, I know,\'94 Mr. Ocelot continued. \'93I have known him for many years. I believe you can trust him. And I believe in his theories, even the most radical of them.\'94\
\'93Even the one about the mind control serum derived from pufferfish toxins?\'94\
\'93Well, when you put it like that\'85\'94 Ocelot laughed. \'93Still, I believe it warrants consideration. But if you really want my advice, Mr. Grimmer\'85\'94 Ocelot trailed off. He was looking in the opposite direction.\
\'93Yes?\'94\
\'93Someone\'92s coming,\'94 he said. \'93Quickly.\'94\
Ocelot grabbed Jonathan\'92s arm, and roughly dragged him from the sidewalk to the adjacent alleyway. They hid beneath a tall tree, and Jonathan watched in breathless silence as a procession of carriages drove into sight and rolled to a stop in front of the Tea House. The passengers began to climb out of the carts, wearing bobby hats and brandishing truncheons. They surrounded the tea house, just as its front door opened.\
\'93What\'92s going on?\'94 Jonathan whispered. They must have been looking for him. Perhaps Captain Merrick had spotted the Black Marias from the air, and that was why he\'92d moved the ship. Resourceful of him, no doubt, though he wished he\'92d been able to send some sort of warning first.\
\'93Quiet,\'94 Ocelot whispered back.\
\'93Mr. Sinews,\'94 they heard the police officer call. \'93Or should we say 
\i Dr. Allen
\i0 ?\'94\
They couldn\'92t make out Parson\'92s reply from where they stood. Thunder continued to crash, and rain hammered down on the cobblestone, as cacophonous as a rushing river.\
\'93You are under arrest for the murder of Lord Henry Connor,\'94 said the police officer. His voice resonated, even against the noise of the storm.\
Jonathan watched in stunned silence as the policemen surrounded Parson Sinews, drawing their guns as the man\'92s reply carried through the fog.\
\'93You think I\'92ll make it so easy for you?\'94 he shouted back.\
The sleet and fog blurred Jonathan\'92s vision. He couldn\'92t be entirely sure what he was seeing, but Sinews was a blur of motion, in one place one moment, in another the next. The policemen opened fire, the gunshots echoing along the empty street, but Sinews was too quick.\
Jonathan\'92s breath escaped him as a policeman flew ten feet into the air and landed hard upon the pavement, unmoving. He hadn\'92t even seen Sinews hit him, but he must have. Another officer cried out, and a cloud of blood sprayed from his neck. His body fell to the gutter, and Sinews practically flew from him to the next man. More blood hit the gutter. Necks snapped. Sinews was everywhere at once, but there were bullets flying, just as quickly.\
Blood painted the street red, and suddenly, there was Parson Sinews again, no longer a blur of motion. Just a crumpled form on the ground, heavily wounded. Still, he was laughing, even as the remaining policemen cuffed Sinews and carted him off into a maria. In a few moments, they had rounded up their dead and wounded and were off again.\
The street was empty, save for Jonathan and his strange new ally.}