{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://33E540BF-D7EF-4EDE-879E-F59C42BDE4F6"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf0 A low, black fence, with twisting vines of wrought-iron, lined the front entrance to the innocuous meeting place of the Vigilance Committee.}}
\f0\fs28  Beyond the fence, against the wall of the Tea House, large white gourds grew on vines, like albino pumpkins. The name of the tea house was lit by a pair of lanterns in sconces on either side of the door. The Moirae Tea House.\
He stepped through the gate. The walkway was a series of stepping stones. Quaint. He made his way up the front steps, but paused at the entrance. There was a window, and as he leaned over the railing that lined the stairway, he was able to get a glimpse inside, despite the curtains. His view didn\'92t reveal much. It had begun to rain, not hard, but enough to obscure what little view he had. Still, he could see two men sitting at a table, drinking tea. There might have been others, but it was impossible to tell. Little choice but to go inside. He pushed open the door, to the tinkling of bells.\
He had been wrong in his estimation of numbers. There were not two, but three gentlemen, and with them, a lady. It was the most unlikely assemblage of people he could have imagined. The lady, for instance, was elderly and heavy-set. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E453C760-4E9A-4913-8F92-A08AAE9628C8"}}{\fldrslt Dressed prettily, in a cream-coloured skirt and blouse, with a hat that was accented with flowers and ribbons.}} The gentleman next to her, by contrast, was a rough-looking man who evidently shared Jonathan\'92s own passion for liquor but lacked the ability not to spill it on his clothes. He wore a bowler hat, a thick set of whiskers, and had a scowl on his face.\
The next man was a rough-looking gentleman, who Jonathan recognised immediately by reputation not by introduction. This was Henry Charles Ocelot, a businessman of ill repute but considerable wealth. A former Haitian slave and plantation worker, with rough skin and scars covering most of his night-black face. The man\'92s thickly muscled neck was adorned with a necklace of brass-painted bone. His right eye was red as blood. When he smiled, he revealed a set of yellowing teeth, many of them chipped or filled with gold. The man could easily have been mistaken for a pirate, but in truth, he was the proprietor of several establishments where a man might indulge himself in any number of deadly sins. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D0D534B0-3F11-4E2D-B13D-926285D231D3"}}{\fldrslt Opium dens, for example. Gambling houses. Prostitution rings.}} All manner of vice and depravity were among his many business ventures, and Ocelot was a genius at business, marketing, and avoiding the strong hand of the law. But what was he doing here, of all places?\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj
\cf0 Jonathan did not recognise the gentleman sitting to Mr. Ocelot\'92s right, but he guessed straight away that this was their host for the evening. Handsome if not pretty, the man was clean-shaven, and delicately featured, with an ivory-white complexion and thickly lashed eyes. He had an irrepressible grin plastered on his face that suggested an ironic or perhaps sardonic sense of humour. He was dressed in rich clothes which he wore with a certain disregard. His jacket hung from his chair, while his vest and shirt were both buttoned only partway up. His collar was not ironed. His sleeves were rolled up. His hair was uncombed, as if he\'92d only just gotten out of bed. Yet he was handsome enough that these faults did not seem like faults at all, but seemed to add to his charm. Jonathan hated him immediately.\
\'93Is this the Vigilance Committee?\'94 asked Jonathan.\
\'93It is,\'94 said the man he\'92d guessed was their host.\
He stood up, crossed the room, and shook Jonathan\'92s hand.\
\'93Parson Sinews,\'94 he said.\
\'93Mr. O,\'94 Jonathan replied, sticking to the pseudonym he\'92d adopted earlier.\
\'93Yes, of course. A pleasure to make your acquaintance,\'94 Mr. Sinews replied. Then, before releasing Jonathan from his handshake, he pulled Jonathan closer. He was stronger than Jonathan had expected. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F2E0BE3D-639E-45EE-ACCD-7FA85F50BE06"}}{\fldrslt \'93I know who you are, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he whispered in Jonathan\'92s ear.}}\
Jonathan\'92s blood ran cold. Then Parson released him from his grip, and returned to his seat. With a gesture, he offered an empty chair to Jonathan. Stunned silent, Jonathan merely nodded, and took the seat. He wanted to ask Mr. Sinews how he knew him, but he also wanted to retain the anonymity he had with the others, so he held his tongue, while Parson made the introductions, banking on Parson\'92s discretion.\
\'93Mrs. Marianne Hatton,\'94 he said, indicating the only lady in the room, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://44F8D985-F375-4C42-B837-A8D5A70B3B16"}}{\fldrslt \'93Is the widow of Lord Edmund Hatton.\'94}}\
\'93The politician?\'94 said Jonathan. Parson nodded. \'93Enchant\'e9e,\'94 said Jonathan, to Mrs. Hatton.\
\'93Edward Steen,\'94 Parson continued, indicating the drunk to Mrs. Hatton\'92s right. \'93A former and formerly esteemed member of London\'92s finest men in blue.\'94\
\'93Pleasure to meet you,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Fuck off,\'94 Steen replied.\
\'93Alright then.\'94\
\'93And of course, the renowned businessman, Mr. Henry Charles Ocelot.\'94\
\'93A pleasure to make your acquaintance,\'94 said Ocelot. His voice was deep, and gruff, but his manners were surprisingly refined for someone whose appearance was so intimidating. He had the slightest hint of a Haitian accent.\
\'93Ladies and gentlemen,\'94 Parson continued, and with a sweeping gesture pointed to Jonathan. \'93It is my pleasure to introduce you to Mr. Jonathan Grimmer, a little-known writer and journalist whose father owns Grimmer and Sons Printing Company.\'94\
Bastard. So much for anonymity.\
\'93
\i Used 
\i0 to own Grimmer and Sons,\'94 Jonathan replied tersely. \'93The company has recently fallen into my own hands, with my father\'92s recent passing. Sir, how 
\i do
\i0  you know me?\'94\
\'93When you write your articles and publish them in your father\'92s paper, do you not sign them with your name?\'94 said Parson, as if that was answer enough. \'93I endeavour to be well informed, Mr. Grimmer. I assume that\'92s why you\'92re here as well? Information?\'94\
Jonathan shook his head. He grinned. Parson didn\'92t seem like a man easily given over to shock, but this ought to surprise that smug smile off his pretty little face.\
\'93Yes, Mr. Sinews. But I\'92m not here as a journalist. Not exactly.\'94 He kept his eyes on Parson\'92s face as he continued, deciding to use Lord Connor as his excuse for coming here, rather than reveal that his father had been killed, probably by Resurrectionists. \'93A man was murdered this very evening. You endeavour to be well informed, Mr. Sinews, as you say. Perhaps you may have known him.\'94\
\'93Who?\'94 Parson replied. He was no longer smiling. \'93Who was murdered?\'94\
Jonathan was about to answer, but the jingling of bells interrupted him. The door swung open, and a masked man stood in the entranceway.}