{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93We\'92ve glazed over the introductions already, but I\'92m afraid Mr. Tidkins missed them, and I believe we ought to enlighten one another with regards to our interest in Dr. Allen.\'94 Parson gestured to Ocelot. \'93Mr. H.C. Ocelot,\'94 he said.\
\'93Do you know how I got these scars?\'94 said Ocelot, in his booming voice, addressing the room.\
A moment or two of uncomfortable silence passed, during which no one, not even Parson, dared to answer the question. It passed as rhetorical. Jonathan quietly sipped the sweet anise-flavoured liquor. Evidently the answer to his question was Dr. Allen.\
\'93Mr. Edward Steen,\'94 said Parson, gesturing to the man. \'93Once a policeman with Scotland Yard, Mr. Steen was unfortunately let go, due to\'85well, we won\'92t get into that, will we? What do you call your current profession, Mr. Steen?\'94\
By way of answer, Steen merely held out a finger, directed it vaguely in the direction of Parson\'92s face, and fixed him with the most threatening of frowns that he could muster. He held that pose until Parson was finally forced to answer his own question.\
\'93You\'92ve called yourself a \'91Consulting Detective,\'92 on many occasions, haven\'92t you? I must imagine that to be somewhat similar to the work you did as a police officer. Due to your thorough knowledge on the subject of criminal psychology, you are still called upon to act as civilian detective. Of course, you demand a sizeable fee for your efforts, so you are only called in for especially difficult cases that the police cannot handle on their own. Is that not correct?\'94 Being not contradicted by anything other than Steen lowering his finger and swallowing the last of his glass of absinthe, a gesture which most likely indicated agreement, Sinews continued. \'93Given that you no longer operate as an official agent of the police, that prevents you from making arrests, but allows you to circumvent issues of jurisdiction that might otherwise hinder your investigation. Your roles involves dredging up evidence, in any way you can, even when that means fabricating it. Correct?\'94\
Again, Steen made no contradiction but instead began to shout for the waiter to refill his cup, sparing no use of foul language.\
\'93Mr. Steen also makes himself available as an expert witness in court, also for a price,\'94 Parson told the rest of the company. \'93I would wager, however, that his interest in Dr. Allen is purely recreational and not by contract with the police. Am I right, Mr. Steen?\'94\
Still, Steen's silent treatment continued, and Jonathan had to wonder if the man was even listening.\
Finally, when his drink had been filled again, Steen broke his silence. \'93I worked the case of Jack The Ripper,\'94 he said.\
Parson grinned. \'93Come again?\'94\
\'93I said I worked the case of Jack The Ripper,\'94 he said, loudly, and stifling a belch.\
\'93Jack The Ripper was never caught,\'94 said Tidkins, \'93Capturing Allen, then\'85is your personal penance?\'94\
Steen snorted. \'93I have my theories. We never caught the Ripper, but that don\'92t mean he got away, neither.\'94\
Tidkins leaned forward. \'93Consider my interest piqued,\'94 he said.\
\'93Jack The Ripper weren\'92t no madman. He was a psychopath. And there\'92s a big difference between mad and psychopathic.\'94\
\'93There is?\'94\
\'93Jack The Ripper had the irresistible urge to kill. He couldn\'92t help himself. But he was clever, and he didn\'92t want to get caught. That\'92s why he picked his victims out of Whitechapel. Tarts.\'94\
Mrs. Hatton gasped at the word, as if it was profane.\
\'93Ladies of the night,\'94 he amended, with a nod in her direction, \'93People who wouldn\'92t be too terribly missed when they went missing.\'94\
\'93There were, if I am not mistaken,\'94 said Jonathan, \'93A series of letters written by the ripper himself and sent to members of the police. One letter in particular, as I understand, contained one of the kidneys of the murdered women, the other kidney apparently having been fried and eaten by the killer. This does not strike me as the work of a man who wished to remain anonymous.\'94\
\'93Don\'92t it?\'94 said Steen, \'93Nah, I suppose it don\'92t. The truth is that most of the letters claiming to be from Jack The Ripper were fraudulent scribblings done by the media. See, they wanted to drum up interest in the case. Attention-seeking journalist scum\'97no offence, Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
Jonathan blinked. \'93None taken,\'94 he said.\
\'93But the letter with the kidney,\'94 said Tidkins.\
\'93Well I\'92d guess that one were real, weren\'92t it? See, the Ripper, he didn\'92t want to be caught. But he did want to brag. He wanted the world to know what he\'92d done. Murderers of the psychopathic variety, they\'92re just like us in a lot of ways, believe it or not. They crave power, above all else. But unlike ordinary folks, what makes them feel powerful is murder. The power to end someone\'92s life. The power to inspire terror. And the power to get away with it.\'94\
\'93But Jack The Ripper,\'94 Tidkins persisted, \'93You claim he did not get away.\'94\
\'93Yes, well, he never caught him, but like I said, he killed out of compulsion. And yet, after a series of increasingly brutal murders and an increasingly public profile, he just disappeared. Stopped killing. How do you think that happens? You think he just quit, just like that?\'94\
\'93You liken murder to addiction, Mr. Steen.\'94\
\'93Yes, Mr. Tidkins, I do.\'94\
\'93So I suppose what you\'92re saying is that Anthony was arrested for some other crime, assault with sodomitic intent or theft or what have you, and was arrested\'97perhaps even hanged\'97without ever being suspected of his real crimes. He wasn\'92t caught for his murders, but he didn\'92t get away scot free either.\'94\
\'93Precisely,\'94 said Steen.\
\'93Mrs. Hatton,\'94 said Parson, promptly dropping his interest in Steen, much to Steen\'92s apparent chagrin.\
\'93Well?\'94 Steen interrupted.\
\'93Mr. Steen, I have my own theories regarding the Ripper. Criminology is a hobby of mine, and the Ripper case is fascinating enough to have drawn my attention. I have given it considerable thought, and I cannot say that I agree with you, nor can your hypothesis be called original. Nonetheless your gift for criminal assessment and reasonable deduction may be useful in tracking down Dr. Tidkins. If I may, for the moment, persuade you to extend Mrs. Hatton the same courtesy as she has done for you, by sitting quietly and hearing her story, I would be much obliged.\'94\
Parson smiled, and Steen begrudgingly quieted down.\
\'93As you well know, gentlemen,\'94 she said, fixing her gaze only on Parson, \'93I have ever been a victim of circumstance. And as you further know, society loves to blame the victim. I am not, as rumour would have you believe, a gold-digging murderess, intent on my husbands\'92 fortunes. But I have been abused with that notion; I have received every sort of punishment short of being locked away, for these crimes I am supposed to have committed. Outcast from popular society, my reputation utterly tarnished, I have become something of a pariah.\'94\
Mrs. Hatton settled back into her chair until she was comfortable again, and returned her attention to her coffee, as if this backstory explained in any way at all her interest in Dr. Allen.\
\'93Mrs. Hatton,\'94 said Parson, coughing falsely. \'93You know what I always say. Honesty is a dreadful thing. One should never be honest. One should always be fanciful. The best things in life are always full of fancy. Still, just this once, I must ask you to be truthful. It is essential that we have all the facts.\
\'93Mr. Sinews, I would never\'85\'94\
\'93Please, Mrs. Hatton.\'94\
She frowned. She stared at her coffee as if she hoped she might be able to drown herself in it to get out of this.\
\'93We\'92ll come back to Mrs. Hatton,\'94 said Parson. He turned to Jonathan. \'93Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he began by way of introduction, \'93Is a reporter. His interest should therefore be obvious, but perhaps Mr. Grimmer can elaborate?\'94\
\'93My interest is not with Dr. Allen, but with the whole of his organisation, The Resurrectionists,\'94 he replied, \'93And with Lord Henry Connor, in particular.\'94 He turned to the man in the plague doctor\'92s mask. \'93I have already informed the rest of this committee, that Lord Connor was murdered this evening, and there is every chance that I may be blamed.\'94\
\'93Jonathan is quite innocent,\'94 said Parson, \'93And believes that Connor\'92s murder had something to do with his apparent ties to the Society. He wishes to get to the bottom of it.\'94\
\'93Thank you, Parson. Yes,\'94 said Jonathan, staring daggers at the man. \'93That is about the sum of it. Whatever you may have on Dr. Allen and on the Resurrectionists as a whole, it may lead me to better understand Connor\'92s involvement.\'94\
\'93If I might ask,\'94 said Dr. Tidkins, \'93What makes you think that Connor was involved with Dr. Allen\'92s Society?\'94\
Jonathan hesitated to mention the letters. He\'92d already given more information about himself than he\'92d intended. \'93I met his assassin,\'94 he replied.\
Tidkins replied in silence, blinking his blonde eyelashes with surprise.\
Jonathan returned his attention to the drink in front of him. He took another sip, not paying it much attention, and discovered he\'92d already emptied his glass. He raised his hand for the waiter.\
\'93And Mr. Tidkins, that leaves only you,\'94 said Parson, turning his attention to the newcomer.\
\'93Forgive me for contradicting you, Parson, but you have yet to explain your own interest in the matter. I should also inform you that we have in fact met before, although I can\'92t expect you to remember, given that I\'92ve not revealed my name or my face. Our first meeting was brief. It was in Paris. You and I had attended a performance of Hamlet and later happened to meet at the same gentleman\'92s club. You criticized the performance, calling it the most \'91singularly disappointing performance of Hamlet that you had ever had the displeasure of witnessing.\'92 I disagreed, calling you an impudent and ignorant swine, and informed you that you wouldn\'92t recognize a brilliant performance if it sprouted a cock and buggered you senseless.\'94\
Mrs. Hatton nearly spilt her drink at that, as she made a show of pretending to faint.\
Tidkins continued, while Jonathan supported the lady as she fluttered a silk fan in front of her face.\
\'93Our second encounter was more recent but equally brief and just as infuriating. It was at the opera; I was not performing, of course, but attending as a member of the audience. Apparently an acquaintance of yours had spilt a glass of wine in your booth, and mistaking me for servant, you demanded that I clean up the spill. When I informed you that I was not working but attending the opera with my friends and associates, you insulted my wardrobe and offered me a couple of coins to clean the booth just the same.\'94\
Parson smiled throughout the entirety of Dr. Tidkins' speech. When it was concluded, he replied, \'93Please forgive me, Mr. Tidkins. My memory increasingly fails me as I grow older. I\'92m terribly sorry to say that I have no recollection whatsoever of either incident, though I\'92m sure you have the right of it. That does indeed sound like the old me. I must tell you, however, that my manners have been greatly changed over the last few months. I\'92m sure you\'92ll find my manners considerably less\'97\'94\
\'93Deplorable?\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Condescending,\'94 Parson suggested, amiably.\
\'93Mr. Sinews has met a woman,\'94 Mrs. Hatton explained.\
\'93Not just any woman, mind you,\'94 Parson added.\
\'93Love changes a man,\'94 Mrs. Hatton said, \'93It is love, isn\'92t it, Parson? I can tell, just by looking at you, that you\'92ve changed. You\'92re less\'97\'94\
\'93Smug,\'94 Jonathan suggested.\
\'93Sarcastic,\'94 said Mrs. Hatton, \'93Less insincere.\'94\
\'93Unfortunately,\'94 Parson admitted, \'93Yes. It is love.\'94\
\'93Unfortunately?\'94 Mrs. Hatton exclaimed. \'93What is that supposed to mean, exactly?\'94\
The waiter finally arrived. After filling Jonathan\'92s glass half full with absinthe, he placed a cube of sugar onto the perforated spoon atop the glass and slowly filled the rest of the glass with ice cold water, allowing the sugar to dissolve into the drink as he poured. When he finished, Mr. Steen shouted for him to do the same with his own glass.\
\'93I\'92m all for romance,\'94 said Parson, \'93It\'92s love I\'92m against. Love makes moths of us all. None are safe from its flames.\'94\
\'93Yes, yes,\'94 Mrs. Hatton murmured, \'93And we are all bound to get burned. Poppycock. You haven\'92t lived if you haven\'92t loved, I say.\'94\
\'93Whatever your romantic or philosophical inclinations,\'94 said Parson, \'93My point is that love is not a choice. It is a feeling, and one that is impossible to ignore, whether you\'92d want to or not. At any rate, Mr. Tidkins, to answer your question, my interest is purely recreational. You see, I consider myself a sort of collector.\'94\
\'93What sort?\'94\
\'93Much like our friend the detective,\'94 Parson indicated Mr. Steen, who had already swallowed the best of his newly filled glass of absinthe, and who objected to Parson\'92s use of the word \'91friend\'92 to describe their relationship, \'93I have a fascination with mysteries, though I have little interest in the literary sort. I prefer true stories. Any mystery will do, so long as it is particularly perplexing, sufficiently bizarre, and above all -\'94\
\'93Grotesque,\'94 Jonathan finished.\
\'93Quite right,\'94 said Parson, and he muttered, \'93Though I wish you would give me leave to finish my own sentences.\'94\
Jonathan shrugged. He was happy, so long as he was getting under Parson\'92s skin.\
\'93The world craves the grotesque,\'94 said Parson. \'93That\'92s why we\'92re here, really. All of us. Despite what we might claim. That we wish to vindicate ourselves of accusations of murder; that we are pursuing a quest for vengeance; that we are investigating a crime as a consulting detective. The truth of our interests could not be more plain. We share an interest in the morbid, the grotesque, the macabre.\'94\
Mrs. Hatton harrumphed at this suggestion.\
\'93Really, Mrs. Hatton, of everyone here, you would be the last person I would expect to be squeamish when it comes to talking about murder. After all, I would guess that you\'92re the only one here who has actually killed someone.\'94\
All eyes turned to the lady in question, who looked like she might faint again.\
\'93This innocent dove?\'94 Edward Steen laughed.\
\'93Marianne Hatton may look to be an innocent dove, Mr. Steen, but I assure you she has killed, and with her bare hands. Some thirty years ago she spied on behalf of the British government. She has given up the trade since then, and changed her name, but I assure you, Mrs. Hatton may very well be the most dangerous person in this room.\'94\
Everyone continued to look to her to correct him, to deny his claims, but she did not. In fact, her posture shifted, her demeanour changed. Her entire personality seemed to melt away, until it was possible to see the former spy within the costume of the matronly widow.\
\'93Whatever you may say, Parson, I shudder to think that your disposition has been improved by the love of a woman. What sort of man does that imply you must have been previous to the amelioration?\'94\
\'93You find me cynical, Mr. Tidkins?\'94 Parson asked.\
\'93Disgustingly so.\'94\
\'93On the contrary,\'94 Parson argued, \'93I am quite optimistic. I have the utmost faith that we will find exactly what we are looking for."\
\'93Death, grotesqueness, and morbidity, you mean?\'94 muttered Tidkins.\
\'93In abundance,\'94 he said.}