{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel slipped silently into the revolving ballroom, apparently still unnoticed despite the drama that had unfolded upstairs. The dance continued. The musicians still played, the ladies and gentlemen continued to waltz, or to stand on the sidelines and clap politely when the dance ended. But somehow the atmosphere had changed, subtly. At first, Annabel could not mark what that change was, but eventually she discovered what had set her on edge.\
There were, spread out through the crowd as if not to dispel their association to one another, a group of gentlemen, identically dressed and masked. They wore black, and their masks were of plain, worn leather, shaped like the heads of corvine birds. Not the sort of mask one wore to a masquerade. One such mask, on its own, might not have caused much alarm. But there were dozens of these masks, spread out through the crowd. It was enough to send a chill crawling up her spine.\
The men moved with purpose, their heads turning from side to side, searching through the crowd, looking for\'85\
Connor, she supposed.\
Something Mr. O had said ran through her head. She\'92d dismissed it at the time as the ravings of a man trying to save his own skin. But now she wondered if there might be something more to it. He\'92d said that Connor was dangerous, that he had dangerous friends. Her eyes flicked from one mask to another, watching as the men weaved through the crowd. Were these Connor\'92s dangerous friends?\
And if so, she thought, beginning to look for a way out of the ballroom that wouldn\'92t cross paths with them, how long until they found Connor\'92s body? Or, she thought with increasing panic, if they\'92d {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://ED0C5950-E509-46BF-9765-E2354025B821"}}{\fldrslt already discovered it, they might be looking for his killer. If she\'92d been seen fleeing Connor\'92s study, they might be looking for 
\i her
\i0 .}}\
She couldn\'92t help but think of an old friend of hers. Jack Bernhardt, a man she\'92d once known, had often worn a plague doctor\'92s mask, not unlike the ones on the faces of these ominous gentlemen working their way through the ballroom. She\'92d lost touch with him, years ago, but she still thought of him from time to time. And then, when a group of scientists known as Resurrectionists became the talk of the town, Annabel had thought of Jack.\
She looked now at one of the crow-headed men, taking care not to let him see that she was watching him. The Resurrectionists were reputed to don plague masks to protect their identities. Their scientific methods, Annabel recalled, were radically controversial, bordering on criminal. A few years back, a gruesome killing spree was reputed to be the work of one of their members. Dangerous friends indeed, Annabel thought.\
She casually scouted out her exit route. There were two of the crow-faced gentlemen between her and the door. She would have to circle around to make her way past them. Like her, they were moving through the crowd, slowly, careful not to be observed. Trying to make their movements look casual, appearing to socialize as they threaded through the partygoers. The more she watched them, the more obvious it became that they weren\'92t here as a social outing.\
One of them was headed her way. He turned his head towards her, but Annabel was quick to turn away.\
She stepped onto the dance floor, taking the arm of a pretty young lady as she went. The girl yelped in surprised delight; she might have had one too many glasses of rum punch. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A94ED288-9B65-4C48-8055-2406360AED06"}}{\fldrslt The dance was fast-paced. Annabel had made a study of waltzes, but she hadn\'92t grown up in high society. It was still foreign to her, and she hadn\'92t bothered learning the male parts. She stumbled her way through the dance, which seemed to involve trading partners. She watched her fellow dancers and followed their lead, spinning the young lady and holding out her arm to allow a new partner to take her place. But as her new partner stepped into the young lady\'92s place, Annabel found herself face to face with a tall gentleman in a black suit.\
}}\'93Good evening,\'94 he said, pressing something cold and hard against her chest.\
She looked up to see that he wore the crow\'92s head mask. She stared daggers at him, but allowed him to lead her from the revolving dance floor. He ushered her, without a word, into an unoccupied corner of the room, where he pushed her roughly against the wall so that she was hidden from prying eyes by his tall frame.\
\'93Don\'92t move,\'94 he instructed. She saw now that it was a gun that he\'92d pressed against her body, and though she could be quick to draw her weapon, she was not 
\i that 
\i0 quick, and his grip was strong. She had to assume that he did not want to shoot her in front of this large group of witnesses, so at least she had that advantage. \'93Now slowly, hand it over.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 she said, genuinely confused. She\'92d assumed he was just going to try to kill her. She hadn\'92t anticipated him making other demands.\
He cocked his weapon.\
\'93Do not make the mistake of thinking I won\'92t shoot you, here and now. The package,\'94 he said. \'93You do have it, do you not? From Lord Connor\'92s safe\'85\'94\
How in the hell did he know about that? Unless\'85\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://77366E80-B035-4421-8524-E9ED7E60C3AE"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \'93You,\'94 she muttered. \'93You\'92re the buyer.\'94}}\
For the benefit of her buyers\'92 confidentiality and for her own, Annabel made her arrangements through a third party. They never met face to face. So how in the hell did he know who she was? Especially since she was in disguise\'85\
She\'92d been sold out, she thought bitterly.\
\'93Not me specifically, but yes, we\'92re the buyers,\'94 he admitted. \'93Now, hand it over.\'94\
She withdrew the package, which she\'92d slipped into a pocket sewn inside her vest. He reached out to take it, but she held it back, out of his grasp.\
\'93Connor tried to kill me,\'94 she told him, merely to gauge his reaction. She could only see his eyes, but he didn\'92t even blink at the revelation. \'93He was sick,\'94 she pressed. \'93Maddened.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://4EB8DB94-9E39-4480-A77C-7902F360BABA"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 The man pressed the gun harder against her chest. She gritted her teeth determined not to cry out in pain, but she suspected it would leave a bruise.}}\
\'93Enough. The package, that\'92s all we want.\'94\
\'93Did you 
\i know 
\i0 he would be sick?\'94 she demanded, defiantly setting her jaw and refusing to acknowledge the gun shoved against her ribs. \'93If I\'92d known how dangerous this would prove to be, I\'92d have charged more for the item in question. Is that why our mutual friend didn\'92t warn me?\'94 she asked, referring to the third party, who\'92d let her know there was a buyer interested in Connor\'92s safe. \'93You know, I could have been killed, infected.\'94\
The man only smiled. She knew it only from the way his mask shifted on his face as he grinned, and from the crinkled lines in the corner of his eyes. It was a malicious smile.\
\'93Don\'92t sell yourself short,\'94 he said. \'93We know who you are. You think one zombie alone was going to stop you?\'94\
She smiled back.\
\'93Zombie?\'94 she said. \'93Is that what Connor\'92s sickness was?\'94\
With deft hands, as casually as running a hand through her hair, she reached up and pressed a button on her eyepiece. There were a few quick clicks and whirs, the hiss of air releasing, and a blur of motion from her eyepiece. A moment later, the man fell to his knees, a dart sticking out of his neck. His eyes were wild, unfocused.\
\'93What?\'94 he said, confused. \'93What did you do to me?\'94\
She bent down and whispered in his ear, \'93You\'92re right. I shouldn\'92t sell myself short.\'94\
She stood and walked away, stepping back onto the revolving floor and disappearing once more into the crowd, while the two crow-headed men who had been barring her path hurried over to investigate their fallen comrade, leaving her exit unguarded. Just as she was about to make her escape, she heard some commotion from upstairs. It must have been coming from Lord Connor\'92s office, judging by the sound. She immediately thought of Mr. O.\
She hesitated. She could still help him. He was clearly in trouble. But he wasn\'92t really her problem any more, even if it was sort of her fault. Of course, if 
\i he\'92d
\i0  been first into Connor\'92s office, he\'92d have been the one to have faced Connor in all his sickness-induced cannibalistic glory. And they both knew how that would have turned out. So, no, she\'92d done enough for Mr. O already. And she still had herself to worry about.\
She turned away. The crow-faced men had already removed the dart from the man\'92s neck, and though he still looked dazed, he was pointing in her direction, and two of them were headed her way. She spun around, headed for the door, but a third barred her path. He was right in front of her.\
No time for subtlety. Without warning, she struck him across the face. He flew backward, landed hard and laid still. His mask tumbled off his face with the clasps torn clean off, and she stepped over him. She spared a quick glance to see if she might recognise him, but she didn\'92t. The way cleared for her. Ladies and gentlemen alike scrambled out of her way.\
\'93Stop him!\'94 someone cried, \'93Stop that ruffian!\'94\
The crow-men were hard on her heels, pushing roughly through the crowd. As the hallway cleared, the thinning crowd revealed more of them blocking her path. How many of these damned Resurrectionists were there?\
\'93Get out of my way!\'94 she shouted, whipping her revolver from her belt.\
\'93Hand it over,\'94 he said, \'93And we\'92ll let you live.\'94\
She felt cold steel against her back. She froze.\
\'93Lower your gun, slowly,\'94 said the voice behind her. There was something familiar in the cadence of this man\'92s voice, but it was muffled by the mask, and she couldn\'92t place it. Still, she felt certain that she 
\i knew
\i0  this man.\
She lowered the gun, shoved it into its holster.\
\'93The package,\'94 he instructed. \'93No sudden moves.\'94\
She nodded, slowly. She bit her lip in frustration. She was practically trembling with helpless rage, as she reached inside her vest pocket. She looked out into the sea of faces. Most were masked, though many had lowered their masks. Pressed against the wall in fear, the gentlemen had their arms wrapped protectively around their ladies. Even amongst the crowd, she was helpless. No one here would risk intervening.\
Annabel reached into her pocket and withdrew the small yellow envelope she\'92d taken from Connor\'92s safe. Until now, she hadn\'92t given much thought to what it contained. A diamond necklace, a family heirloom, an artifact from a foreign land\'97these were the kinds of things Annabel was accustomed to stealing. But this was something different, its value measured not by the number of diamonds it contained or by the karat of the gold, but by the significance it held for the would-be buyer. Whatever it was, it had driven them to desperate measures to ensure they received it. She held out the envelope, and it was immediately snatched away by the plague doctor.\
\'93What now?\'94 she asked.\
He handed her an envelope in return. \'93Your payment,\'94 he explained.\
She was surprised. She hadn\'92t expected they would still pay her, after all this, but she supposed they wouldn\'92t want her trying to track them down. Easier to appease her with a wad of cash.\
The man in the plague mask didn\'92t wait to open the envelope, but immediately began tearing open the package. Annabel lingered, watching intently as he reached into the envelope. Straw spilled out of the envelope; it must have been used to pack the item. It must have been fragile. At last, he withdrew his hand, the item enclosed in his fist. He opened it. A small glass vial sat on his palm, filled with murky green fluid. All this fuss for something so small, so seemingly insignificant. It almost looked like a vial of absinthe, but Annabel knew it could be nothing quite so mundane.\
Another one of the men in the plague masks came up behind him, and he handed over the empty package, in exchange for a large mechanical bird. The bird was a brass-winged raven, its mechanical components half-hidden beneath black feathers that had been glued to it. Like a wind-up doll, the bird had a key on its back, which the plague doctor began to wind, causing the bird to spring to life. It fluttered its wings, and spun its head. The craftsmanship reminded Annabel of her own clockwork eye.\
A hole in the raven\'92s back, just beneath the key, was the perfect fit for the glass vial. The plague doctor slid the vial into it, and pressed a hidden button, causing a hidden panel to slide shut over the hole. He gave the key another turn, and opened his hand. At once, the raven took off, winging above the crowd.\
The sound of mechanical wings and hissing gas resounded through the stunned silence of the ballroom. A cloud of green and yellow gas trailed behind the clockwork crow. It spread quickly as the raven circled the ballroom, filling the room with a yellowish green haze. As it dispersed, it disappeared into the air, becoming invisible.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5A0C0CC7-EC98-49D7-ABB3-50C46B08C8C7"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 Annabel tried not to breathe. She covered her mouth with her sleeve and ran.}} She couldn\'92t be sure she hadn\'92t inhaled whatever vapours he\'92d released, but she prayed she hadn\'92t.\
The plague doctor stepped aside to let her pass, but by the time she reached the door, her lungs were aching. When she finally allowed herself to breathe, the air smelt of death.}