{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1703F2B1-46C4-4DCE-A5CB-4F5B7362EFFB"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel}}
\f0\fs24  stumbled onto the street, gasping for air. She didn\'92t know if she\'92d inhaled whatever vapours had been released into the air, but she might have. She had a strange taste in her mouth and the smell of death still lingered. She felt disoriented. She heard a rumbling sound from above and looked up to see Mr. O\'92s airship pulling away from the window. She felt a breath of relief to know that he\'92d made it out.\
She took a moment to catch her breath while she gazed up at the airship. If she\'92d been anyone else, she would not have been able to make out the details from here. The name printed on the airship\'92s blimp, for instance. Most people couldn\'92t have read it from this distance. But Annabel wasn\'92t just anyone; the concealed poison dart was not the only advantage of her mechanical {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E9D5A6B5-2BCB-42E7-809D-2C23EE1F9072"}}{\fldrslt eye}}. From the angle she\'92d seen the airship at from inside the house, she hadn\'92t been able to see it, but from here, she could just make out 
\i Grimmer and Sons Publishing Inc.
\i0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BA84E4D1-09E5-4DB2-AD95-F68A016BBE0C"}}{\fldrslt She wondered what Mr. O\'92s connection to the Grimmers might be.}} He might be an employee, a journalist, or perhaps an editor. It was even possible that he was Jonathan Grimmer. Was he the same man whose invitation she\'92d swiped on the way in to the masquerade? She couldn\'92t be certain. Either way, she now had a trail leading back to him.\
She glanced back at the house. Through the open front door, she could see men and women writhing on the floor, succumbing to fits, drool escaping their lips. Amid the chaos, the crow-faced men wandered the crowd, unaffected by the deadly gas.\
She swore. She\'92d been in dangerous spots before, but very few like this. She\'92d barely gotten out of there alive. Annabel knew her work was dangerous. Her associates were criminals, and if she was being honest, she was one herself. She knew the dangers. She knew the risks. The truth was, it was danger she enjoyed most about her work. But suddenly it had ceased being fun. Suddenly it was real, it was visceral. The most frustrating thing was how helpless she felt just now. She hadn\'92t felt that in a long time. Not since the day her eye was plucked out.\
She wanted to go back in there, stab each and every one of those bastards in the guts for for this. But she couldn\'92t even breathe the air inside the mansion. And she was outnumbered, and they were better armed. All she could do was watch in horror as wealthy gentlemen and high society ladies collapsed, coughing and hacking until their lungs gave in and their faces turned purple. Really, she ought to do as they said and just walk away, leave this place. Well, she ought to summon a policeman, really, but what good could the police do now? The poison was spreading throughout the house, and the police would be ill equipped to deal with it. Besides, Annabel couldn\'92t recall a time when she\'92d ever done what she ought to do.\
She distanced herself from the entrance of the house, circling around to the west wing, where she could see inside through one of the house\'92s grand windows. She could still hear screaming from inside the mansion, as the Resurrectionists paced around the halls, spreading fumes. She could see a drifting haze through the curtains, the fog was so thick.\
She wondered if anyone else had escaped. She couldn\'92t imagine why they were doing this. Why had they felt it necessary to rob her, when they could have just 
\i bought
\i0  the stolen goods from her once she\'92d safely infiltrated Connor\'92s safe and gotten away? The first crow-masked man she\'92d encountered had even said he would still pay her! And why the toxic gas? Were they merely covering their tracks, eliminating witnesses? She wondered if it even had anything to do with the package she\'92d taken from Connor. As for that, the package was still safely stashed away in her hidden pocket, but this was only a small comfort. She felt sick, for whatever part she\'92d played in this. If she\'92d known, if she\'92d only known who her buyers were, and what lengths they would go to to get their merchandise\'85\
She never would have agreed to sell to them.\
The question still remained, what now? Her lungs burned, and she strained just to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://24144EBB-8CE0-42E9-A0F3-DCBC0C74D400"}}{\fldrslt breathe}}, even now with fresh air all around her. Had she breathed in those toxic fumes? She couldn\'92t be certain. But her head ached. It was hard to think. To go to the police and summon help, or to linger here, watching through the windows in the hopes that she might get some chance to sate her thirst for bloody vengeance. The longer she waited, the more evident it became that she\'92d already made up her mind.\
She continued to circle around the mansion, until she found herself amongst tall rhododendrons, lilies and hibiscus. Rose bushes and ferns. A tall statue, a fountain. It was too dark to make out the details, but the flickering lights from nearby windows cast shadows across a stone walkway that led through the lush rear garden behind Connor\'92s enormous house.\
The screams from within the house began to subside, and the night grew disturbingly quiet. Those who might have escaped had already done so, or failed to do so. The rest had already succumbed to the poisoned air and either lost consciousness or died. Annabel was not sure of its effects, but the only comfort she had was that she had not inhaled enough to be so afflicted as those inside.\
She wondered how many had gotten out, and was surprised to realize that she {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B56EF98D-E646-480B-B2CB-CD193E945176"}}{\fldrslt was grateful that Mr. O was among their numbers}}. Well, he was handsome, after all, and he\'92d proven useful, so that might have accounted for the sentiment. He was a witness, though; it would have been more prudent to wish him dead, but she just couldn\'92t bring herself to wish for that. For the second time that night, she wished she could be just a bit more 
\i ruthless
\i0 .\
As she continued creeping forward, keeping close to the walls of the house, she wondered if anyone had gone to the police, if not a survivor of the poison gas then perhaps a neighbour, having heard the screams. She didn\'92t want to be here when the police arrived. But she did want to see what was going on inside, and she couldn\'92t see the ballroom from the windows on this side of the house. There was the balcony nearby. She would get a clear view inside if she could climb up there somehow, if she could find a ladder or just a foothold in the brickwork of the house.\
Before she had a chance to search for one, a loud crash came from nearby. Glass shattered, and with an inhuman roar, something tumbled out of the house. A blur of shadow, it landed hard, on the ground below. It stopped moving. Heart pounding, she knew she ought to run now. Every instinct, every nerve in her body was telling her to 
\i run, just run! 
\i0 Instead, ignoring her racing heartbeat, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C7C485A8-2C88-41A8-9AAB-C7472E505370"}}{\fldrslt Annabel crept through the garden towards it, looking intermittently between the dark shape on the ground and the shattered glass of the window above.}}\
\'93That was quick,\'94 said a muffled voice. The sound originated from the broken window.\
\'93Incubation period varies,\'94 said another voice from above. She spotted the first now, sticking his head between the broken glass and looking down. She kept low to the ground, out of sight in the thick shadows of the garden. \'93Some turn almost instantly. Others take minutes, hours even. Nobody\'92s really sure why.\'94\
Annabel looked back at the shape on the ground. It was moving again, getting up. She could see broken limbs now that she was closer. It was a man. A gentleman, perhaps, but there was nothing gentle about him now. His clothes were in tatters, his hat missing from his head. And though his bones were broken, his form twisted so unnaturally he hardly looked human, he hardly seemed to have noticed the state he was in. He was looking at Annabel, sniffing at the air, and staring at her with hunger in his eyes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8117B2FD-5348-46CA-81BE-2928DE6BEB3F"}}{\fldrslt The same way Lord Connor had looked at her.}} She reached for her gun, ready to shoot if he came at her. But she kept still and watched, knowing she would give away her position if she fired. She tried to quiet her breathing, and kept statue-still.\
Suddenly, the man started charging. She whipped out her revolver, but before she could even get her hand on the trigger, a gunshot rang out. The man fell to the ground, a hole punched straight through his head.\
\'93Nice shot,\'94 said a muffled voice from the window.\
Annabel whipped around. She looked up at the window. The men in the plague doctor masks seemed not to have seen her yet. They were looking out the window, but their focus was on the man they\'92d just shot. They were probably making sure he wasn\'92t going to get up again. So Annabel took her time, aimed, and pulled the trigger. She hit the first of them. He dropped, right through the window he was leaning out of, and landed in the rose bushes below.\
The second man yelped in surprise and drew his own weapon. Annabel didn\'92t hesitate to put a bullet in his neck. She holstered her revolver and crossed the walkway to the rose bushes where the first of them had fallen. He was groaning, so that was good. She wanted him alive. But he was reaching for something, a gun maybe.\
She stepped closer, seized his hand before he reached it, and looked into his eyes.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5BAE000B-E850-4B3B-B09C-B7CEE3A5370D"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \'93Who do you work for?\'94 she asked.}} Her tone was calm, and her face was impassive. Even if inside she was shaking, she gave no outward signs that she was frightened. It was time to be ruthless.\
He shook his head and coughed. Annabel frowned at him. Well, there were ways of making people talk, weren\'92t there? His vest was wet with blood, a hole ripped through it where she\'92d hit him. She reached out and with a gloved hand, thrust her fingers into his {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FD38736D-DF19-400C-95B1-AFEC7573E55D"}}{\fldrslt wound}}. He screamed, but she didn\'92t let up. Just kept her fingers digging into his chest until sweat dripped down his brow. It was a bit disturbing, feeling her fingers inside his wound, but what disturbed her most was that on some level, she felt deep satisfaction. 
\i How\'92s this for ruthless, 
\i0 she thought.\
He muttered something.\
She withdrew her hand, peeled the straps off his mask, and revealed his face. She was surprised to see how young he was. And how handsome. For a moment, she felt a horrible sense of guilt. He was about to die, and she was literally 
\i torturing 
\i0 him. Then she thought of the piles of corpses that even now lined the halls. She remembered who he was. She leaned in close to his face so she could hear what he had to say.\
\'93Resurrectionists,\'94 he coughed.\
She narrowed her eyes. She knew a thing or two about the Resurrectionists. She knew he wasn\'92t just talking about body snatchers, either.\
\'93What was in the vial?\'94 she demanded. \'93Some sort of poison?\'94\
For a moment, it looked like he might not answer. Stubborn, even now, as he lay dying on the rose bush. But then, he coughed up a bit of blood, and looked up into Annabel\'92s eyes. He was almost smiling when he answered. \'93Lazarus,\'94 he said, coughing.\
\'93What is Lazarus?\'94\
\'93Virus,\'94 he said.\
Annabel nodded. This filled in one piece of the puzzle. The man who\'92d tumbled out of the window after inhaling this 
\i Lazarus Virus
\i0 , had been afflicted with the same thing as Connor. And if the virus could be spread by poison gas, it was possible Connor had been infected deliberately. She thought of what Mr. O had said about Lord Connor; he had dangerous friends. Was it possible that Connor\'92s 
\i friends
\i0  were the ones who infected him?\
She stood up, fished around in her pockets for another bullet. Finding one, she reloaded her revolver, fired it, and walked away. She would have loved to linger, to shoot every last one of these damned Resurrectionists one by one. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://721E3975-BE68-4B49-A14B-138C6D8B1B3C"}}{\fldrslt But the police would be coming soon, and she had only so many bullets.}}}