{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Mr. O, n\'e9e Jonathan Grimmer\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Role in Story:		Protagonist\
Occupation:		Heir to the Grimmer Publishing Company\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Physical Description:	Jonathan has dark hair swept back over his forehead in waves. His skin is white and freckled despite the darkness of his hair. Tall, broad-shouldered, and with an athletic frame, his very posture exudes confidence that borders on arrogance. He is immaculately dressed in rich tones of grey with hints of blue on his ascot, to match his eyes. His clothes are perfectly tailored but understated. He moves gracefully, and smiles charmingly when he does smile.\
\
Personality:		Jonathan is highly determined; once he sets his mind to something, he will not abandon the endeavour even when he believes his efforts are in vain. Jonathan is suave, charming, and has a devil-may-care attitude. Impolite, rude, and brash, his intentions are good, though his attitude is bad.\
\
Habits/Mannerisms:	Mr. O smokes heavily, drinks heavily, and has the bad habit of shrugging indifferently\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Background:		When Jonathan was just a boy, he contracted a virus that has come to be known as Lazarus. Only in its infancy in those days, the virus brought him back from the brink of death. It was curable, thanks to the efforts of the finest doctors his family\'92s money could buy, but highly contagious. The virus spread, and it adapted.\
\
Internal Conflicts:		\
\
External Conflicts:		\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	Notes:	}