{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan\'92s mother had taken the liberty of clearing out her husband\'92s old office in order for Jonathan to move in, which was more of a nuisance than a help. He\'92d still wanted to sort through his father\'92s old files. Last night, he\'92d settled into his father\'92s leather chair, a comfortable groove set into the seat from years of use, intending to look for answers but instead drifting into a deep slumber.\
Now, the distinctive rhythm of the Agency\'92s machinery roused him from his sleep. The almost-musical clang of the printing press resonated down the hall to his office, signalling that the day\'92s operations had begun. He sat up and stretched. He\'92d hung his coat on the arm of the chair. He fished into the pockets and took out the two letters from Lord Connor, thinking there might still be some clue there that he\'92d missed before.\
The Resurrectionists were like ghosts. Practically impossible to trace, it was nothing short of astounding that he\'92d discovered Lord Connor\'92s attachment to them. But that lead had died. And the next best thing, Parson Sinews, had been arrested for the murder of Lord Henry Connor, a murder which Jonathan knew to have been committed by another man. Mr. Monday.\
If Jonathan wanted to clear his name, to track down Dr. Allen, to find out why Parson Sinews had been implicated, to unravel the mysteries of the Resurrectionists, he needed to speak to Mr. Monday.\
He set the letters back on his desk and pushed them away. If there was anything there that he\'92d missed, he couldn\'92t see it now.\
Then, just as he was about to get out of his seat, something caught his eye. But it wasn\'92t anything in the letters. It was his beneath his father\'92s desk. A lever, like the ones he\'92d seen on sewing machines. He reached beneath the desk, took hold of the lever, and pulled on it with a ratcheting sound.\
His mouth fell open. Along the edge of the red carpet, there was a circular groove notched into the hardwood floor. It began to twist open. The circular section of the floor began slowly to rise up with the heavy sound of wood grinding against wood.\
Jonathan got out of his seat to get a better look at what was happening.\
Peering into the gap in the floor as the single circular section of the floor continued to rise, he caught flashes of steel and brass.\
\'93What on god\'92s green earth?\'94 he muttered.\
He could hear the sound, loud even against the din of the printing press from down the hall, of enormous gears turning from somewhere well below. It was almost like the sound of a clock tower, or the turning wheels of a locomotive. The mechanical clang of an enormous machine coming to life.\
\'93A secret elevator,\'94 he realised, as it rose up to fill the the gap in the floor.}