{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F3ABC6FB-1937-42DF-8C6E-4BB3C4F79A54"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan didn\'92t much care for air travel.}}
\f0\fs28  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7E343A9F-A7E7-4E8C-BC50-A7D9C50F210F"}}{\fldrslt He\'92d been born on the ground, and that was where he felt most comfortable. Ordinarily he\'92d have plied his nerves with absinthe and other comforts. But tonight he felt safer in the air than he\'92d felt on the ground. Safer than he\'92d felt since his eyes first fell upon the pair of letters.}}\
The 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  was lavish, even by Jonathan\'92s standards. Furnished with antique furniture that was surprisingly comfortable and apparently quite expensive. Or so he was told; Jonathan was hardly an expert in antiques, nor in furniture. There was also a fully stocked bar, at one end of the room. But Jonathan had ordered a cup of tea, rather than his usual glass of absinthe. The bartender had seemed somewhat taken aback, but he\'92d prepared the tea as asked.\
He sat now, dry and in a fresh change of clothes, in the passenger\'92s lounge, upon a settee, drinking his tea as he watched the darkness of London pass by through the window. It seemed, from where he sat, that it was the city that was moving and not the airship. The ship was steady enough that his teacup hardly rattled as it sat upon the table at his side.\
He\'92d lost track of how many times he\'92d already read Lord Connor\'92s letters, but he unfolded the first of them again, and let his eyes linger on the words scrawled hastily upon the pages once again.\

\i \
Dear Charles Grimmer,\
\
I have long been thinking of writing you, my old friend, and regret that I have delayed so long in doing so. How long has it been since we served together in the war? Some ten years or more, I imagine, but it feels like much longer. A lifetime, really, don\'92t you think? Still, not a day goes by that I don\'92t think about that day on the battlefield, when, putting your own safety at risk, you saved me from certain death at the hands of a savage who had broken through our lines and seemed ready to rush me from behind with the tip of a spear.\
How precious a gift life is, is made more all the more clear when you have come as close to death as we have. Those of us who have known war, who have seen our friends die before our eyes, we are the lucky ones, for we know what it means to be alive.\
But a greater gift still, a greater gift even than life itself, is that great and terrifying joy that we call love. In the many years since I last wrote you, I do hope that you have found it for yourself. I am writing to let you know of my own great joy, which I have found in a young lady by the name of Marianne Cunningham. She is delightful, Charles, I know you would love her instantly.    She makes me feel as young as a child when I am with her. She is both pretty and intelligent, as well as strong-willed and possessing of a clever sense of humour. And I know you will be thrilled on my behalf when I tell you that we are to be married.\
I do hope that you will be able to attend the wedding, but even more so, I hope that you will accept my invitation, to visit us at my home in the country. Please write at once to say that you will come. Do bring your own wife, if such a lovely creature exists. I will await your reply with great expectation.\
\
Your old friend,\
Harry Connor\

\i0 \
Jonathan folded the letter shut and turned to the second one. Though the penmanship was the same, it was difficult to recognise that its author was the same as the first, so different was the subject and the tone.\
\

\i Dear Mr. Charles Grimmer, editor at Grimmer and Sons\
\
A few weeks ago, your newspaper, The Weekly Gazette, reported what it described as a murder. You spoke in that condescending tone of yours, of the heinousness of the crimes inflicted upon the so-called victim, Marianne Connor. You described with disgust the mutilation of her body, the disembowelment, the removal of her limbs, and the surgical attachment of scientific apparatuses that are clearly well beyond your own comprehension.\
But Mrs. Connor\'92s death was not murder. It was not gruesome, heinous, violent, or criminal. Her death was not tragic. It was not disturbing. The man who killed her was not psychotic, not some raving lunatic. I do not claim that her death was just or deserved, but it was not done with malice or evil intent.\
You journalists, you vultures, you sharks, you who seek nothing but blood to increase the circulation of your papers, do not surprise me by failing to understand. But Anthony Tidkins' vindication is in the hands of the papers alone, and so it falls to me to explain this to you. The difference between vile murder and scientific study.\
First, you must do away with that foolish notion of yours, that life is a precious thing to be guarded at all costs. It is not. Without permanence, nothing is of consequence. Think of Ozymandias and of his inevitable decline. If death cannot be prevented, what can it matter if a life is taken by force?\
Your counterargument, I am sure, is that when a man commits murder he is robbing his victim of a few more days, perhaps years more, of joy. Surely, you believe that is indeed a crime. And to inflict terror and pain upon a person in their last moments, surely you will say that this is wrong too. This is vile, horrendous, evil. I will not argue with you here. To take a life in such a violent fashion without any great reason for doing so can only be considered evil, even if it is of no real consequence.\
But in the case of the Resurrection Man, I assure you, things are quite different from how they seem. The difference I speak of is that Mrs. Connor was not a victim but the subject of an experiment, an experiment with such grand implications that should his tests yield the results for which we hope, life itself would take on meaning, and the Resurrection Man would cease to be considered as a murderer. For when God lets his children die, one does not say that God is a murderer. Instead, it is said that His motivations are beyond our understanding.\
The same holds true for Anthony Tidkins. But only wait and see. Wait and see what his motivations are, wait to see the fruits of his labour. God gave man His only son and promised us eternal life in Heaven. But the Resurrection Man will give us more than that. He will give us eternal life on Earth.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://0EC2A748-88BC-4DE2-9889-59D929E87D3E"}}{\fldrslt Francis Varney}}\
\

\i0 Jonathan folded this letter closed as well, and picked up his cup of tea as if to take a sip. But he let the cup linger at his lips, deep in thought. It was astonishing how drastically Lord Connor\'92s outlook had changed between writing the first and the second letter. It was truly as if he\'92d transformed, like Jekyll into Hyde, into another person. As if he really was Francis Varney. Most disturbing was his indifference to the murder of his own wife. The joy that Marianne Connor had brought him, as described in the first letter, was replaced with a dehumanizing scientific pursuit, and a cult-like reverence of Dr. Allen. Jonathan thought of the serum that Parson Sinews had mentioned.\
Once again, Allen\'92s name had come up. At first, Jonathan\'92s interest in the doctor himself had been nothing more than a means of tracking the Resurrectionists and hopefully of discovering further evidence of Lord Connor\'92s involvement with that nefarious society. But it seemed that Allen was becoming more and more a person of interest.\
According to Mr. Sinews, he was the head of the Resurrectionists. It was his murders that had captured public attention and generated interest in the Resurrectionists, but they had also captured the interest of the police, turned them into criminals rather than mere radicals. And apparently, he had murdered Connor\'92s wife, though Connor seemed not to have minded.\
Again, Jonathan thought of the serum. If Connor\'92s devotion to the Resurrectionists had been a result of drug-induced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1D14B557-6095-4790-9CB9-B4CA27CA9CFF"}}{\fldrslt brainwashing}}, then it stood to reason that he had no longer been under the influence of the drugs when they\'92d had him killed. If he was still under their influence, they\'92d have had no need to dispose of their fellow member. Then again, he\'92d apparently tried to eat Mr. Monday, which was hardly the behaviour of a man not under the influence of drugs. He shook his head. It was getting harder and harder to think.\
\'93Captain,\'94 said Jonathan, getting out of his seat. He set his tea back down upon the side table. \'93I need to speak with the captain,\'94 he said, getting the attention of a crew member.\
\'93Yes, sir,\'94 the young man replied, and disappeared into the hallway.\
Jonathan settled back into his chair. His tea was already getting cold. He swallowed the rest of it and let his attention wander back to the letters once more. He didn\'92t bother to unfold them again. He knew their contents well enough.\
He\'92d told Ocelot that there was someone he needed to speak to. And there was. The trouble though, was that he didn\'92t know where to find him. In fact, he didn\'92t even know the man\'92s real name. Or what his face looked like, beneath the mask. All he had to go on was the name {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7575BC27-953B-4F31-AD64-C8D4D8803CE3"}}{\fldrslt Monday}}.\
But there was still another lead. Maybe.\
The door swung open, and Captain Merrick strode into the room. Again, Jonathan got to his feet. He almost saluted, but he was no military man. But the Captain did cut an impressive figure, and stirred the impulse to salute him.\
Tall, masculine, and rugged, dressed in a finely cut uniform of rich browns accented with green and copper. He wore an aviator\'92s cap upon his greying hair, strapped beneath his whiskered chin. A pair of goggles hung loose around his neck. The man had once been a sailor, but had turned his attention to aeronautics some years ago, when Jonathan\'92s father offered him a position as the printing company\'92s aeronaut. He\'92d been reluctant to give up the sea, apparently, but had taken to the skies with ease and never looked back since.\
His voice was gruff. \'93Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said, halting in front of Jonathan.\
\'93Captain, you know the ins and outs of this city better than anyone I know,\'94 Jonathan began.\
\'93Thank you, sir,\'94 the captain replied, but he raised an eyebrow as he waited for the followup.\
\'93Parson Sinews. Heard of him?\'94\
Here the captain seemed to pause, if only for a moment, to think of if and where he had heard the name before.\
\'93The name rings a bell,\'94 he said.\
\'93I don\'92t suppose you would know an address.\'94\
Merrick shook his head. \'93Mr. Sinews is a man of somewhat ill repute. A gentleman, by birth and wealth alone. He associates with criminals and reprobates, and is rumoured to haunt the many opium dens of Henry Ocelot. You might find him there. Although I warn you, there are other stories. Some say that Parson Sinews is a vampire, and that he drinks the blood of the living.\'94\
\'93And others say he\'92s Dr. Allen.\'94\
\'93I hadn\'92t heard that story, sir,\'94 Merrick replied, \'93But if you\'92re determined to meet Mr. Sinews, I could direct you to one of the opium dens he\'92s known to frequent.\'94\
Jonathan paused.\
\'93I\'92d hoped to visit the man\'92s home,\'94 he said, \'93Though I confess I\'92d hoped he wouldn\'92t be there when I did.\'94\
\'93Ah.\'94 Merrick nodded. \'93A wise plan, if I may say so. But what is it you were hoping to find?\'94\
\'93Dr. Allen,\'94 Jonathan replied. \'93And while I don\'92t believe the story that Mr. Sinews is actually him, I do know him to be an expert on the man. I\'92d hoped he might have something useful at his home. Letters, newspaper clippings, broadsides, that sort of thing. But if his address is not an option, I don\'92t believe I\'92ll find him at his usual haunts either. Mr. Sinews was arrested.\'94\
\'93The prison, then, Mr. Grimmer? If you wish to speak to Mr. Sinews directly?\'94\
\'93Unfortunately, that option is similarly problematic. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8F02D68F-1085-4F59-9205-49FFF4A11A82"}}{\fldrslt Remember, I am still a fugitive.}} Then again,\'94 Jonathan paused. He turned to the crewman who had summoned the captain on his behalf. \'93Lockwood, is it?\'94\
\'93Yes, sir,\'94 said the crewman.\
\'93How do you feel about a visit to Newgate on my behalf?\'94 He returned his attention to the captain. \'93It would be Newgate, wouldn\'92t it?\'94\
Merrick nodded. \'93I suspect so. We\'92ll try there first, at any rate, and if he\'92s not there, we\'92ll try every other prison till we find him. Shall we drop you off at home first, sir? I imagine you could do with some rest.\'94\
Jonathan smiled. \'93You imagine correctly. It\'92s been a long night. A long, long night.\'94}