{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Roderick hated to get blood on his feet, but he put his discomfort aside and stepped forward to put his fingers on the fallen policeman\'92s neck. He felt for a pulse.\
\'93He seems quite dead,\'94 Roderick announced.\
\'93God!\'94 said Taggert, \'93Nichols\'85he was just a boy, really.\'94\
Roderick thought of what the man had said before he died. From downstairs Roderick could hear voices. Inhuman moans, which resonated through the floorboards.\
\'93The dead are waking up,\'94 he repeated the dead policeman\'92s words. \'93It seems evident that the dead were not dead at all. Merely unconscious.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 exclaimed Taggert, not following. \'93Never mind. What could have done this to him?\'94\
\'93The recently awoken dead, I\'92d wager. You said that our witness saw the Resurrectionists spreading poison gas, which seemed to kill its victims in a matter of minutes.\'94\
Taggert nodded. \'93Seemed to?\'94\
\'93Unless you believe they are the resurrected dead. No, I think it more likely that those who inhaled the gas did not actually die; they became sick. This sickness caused paralysis, rendered them unconscious, and brought on a death-like state that looked rather convincing.\'94\
He glanced down at the police officer whose neck had been torn out, quickly forming a hypothesis.\
\'93When they woke up, they were no longer themselves. This sickness\'97whatever it is\'97seems to cause abnormally aggressive behaviour. Well, it did so in at least 
\i one
\i0  of the afflicted, I should say.\'94\
\'93Whoever attacked Nichols, you mean?\'94 Taggert asked.\
Roderick nodded.\
\'93Let us assume for now that this condition affects everyone equally, however, and shut the door,\'94 he said, looking at the wounds in Taggert\'92s neck with worry. \'93If my assumption is correct, we may be in imminent danger.\'94\
Roderick could hear footsteps now, amidst the sound of moaning voices. The sounds gradually drew closer, up the stairs. Roderick could smell the rotten stench of this sickness, growing stronger as the sick approached.\
\'93Quickly now. A barricade!\'94 Roderick shouted, spurring the policemen into action.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D2F3661C-0A4F-4447-8298-BE7150F0D715"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 As the door had been kicked in and it had not yet been repaired, it would not shut properly.}} Furthermore, it had no lock. The best they could do was to build a makeshift blockade, by dragging furniture into the doorway. They had to move the fallen officer\'92s body out of the way. Some of the officers had fallen into a stunned silence; evidently the death of the officer was shocking. As for Roderick, he could hardly care less. There was a much more pressing concern.\
Already, the sick were banging on the door, even as Roderick and the detectives slid the furniture into the doorway. The infected were surprisingly strong, given their condition, and Roderick feared the door would not hold.\
\'93What now?\'94 asked Roderick.\
Taggert looked at him with astonishment.\
\'93You tell me!\'94 he exclaimed. \'93You\'92re the genius, aren\'92t you?\'94\
Roderick\'92s eyes went wide.\
\'93I\'92m an artist!\'94 he cried. \'93You\'92re a policeman.\'94\
Taggert didn\'92t argue. Neither did he offer a suggestion of their next move, but continued to look to Roderick.\
\'93I may be educated, observant, and incredibly well dressed, but that hardly means I\'92m the one to turn to in a crisis!\'94 He swallowed. \'93Then again, being pragmatic, better to trust myself to get us out of this than you lot.\'94\
Taggert snorted. For a moment, he looked like he was forming a retort, but apparently he thought better of it.\
\'93Ammunition,\'94 Roderick said, suddenly energized as he assessed the situation aloud. \'93How much do we have between us?\'94\
\'93Ammunition?\'94\
\'93What do you do with rabid dogs, Mr. Taggert?\'94\
\'93Put them down,\'94 Taggert replied, stammering, \'93But these aren\'92t dogs.\'94\
The door rattled fiercely, drowning out Roderick\'92s reply. The wood began to splinter as the sick began to pry apart the door, seizing hold of its weak point where it had already been kicked in. The makeshift barricade began to shake as the door banged against it.\
Roderick bent down next to the fallen policeman and began to loot through his pockets.\
\'93What are you doing?\'94 said the officer with the distinctive moustache.\
Roderick withdrew a revolver and a fistful of bullets. He loaded the chamber as reply. The officer nodded. At least, thought Roderick, one pragmatist amongst them.\
\'93They might as well be dogs,\'94 said Roderick. \'93They tore open the throat of your fellow officer, and I imagine they\'92ll do the same to you given half the chance. We don\'92t know what sickness afflicts them, or if a cure exists, but I\'92m afraid we won\'92t have a chance to find out if we don\'92t defend ourselves.\'94\
Taggert had been edging closer to the door, trying to peer through the cracks and to see what loomed on the other side. He jumped back suddenly.\
\'93This door won\'92t hold,\'94 he said.\
\'93No,\'94 said Roderick. \'93Be ready. When the door comes crashing down, you mustn\'92t hesitate.\'94\
\'93Roderick!\'94 Taggert exclaimed, interrupting him.\
Roderick whirled around. Nichols, the wounded officer, had already awoken. The sickness had taken him, and he was inches from Roderick, his mouth open, moaning hungrily. Already, he seemed transformed by the sickness, no longer human, stinking like something rotten, moving with a clumsy, lumbering gait.\
Roderick stumbled back.\
\'93Shoot him!\'94 he cried.\
The officers hesitated to shoot one of their own.\
\'93For god\'92s sake!\'94 Roderick shouted, drawing his own weapon, and firing it at him.\
Nichols stumbled backward, then a moment later, regained his stride. Roderick shot him again, twice, in the chest. Nichols\'92 step faltered with the impact of the bullets. But only for a moment. Then he resumed his pace, staggering towards Roderick as if the bullets through his heart were no more irritating than the buzzing of a fly.}