{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 To Jonathan it seemed as if everything had started with the letters in his father\'92s drawers. Were it not for those letters, he would never have attended Lord Connor\'92s party, never met his assassin Mr. Monday, never ventured to attended Mr. Sinews\'92 Vigilance Committee meeting, never witnessed his arrest. One thing led to another, but Jonathan had come full circle. Out of leads, he had returned to his father\'92s office to see what else might turn up.\
Truthfully, it had begun with his father\'92s death. If his father were still alive, he\'92d never have turned up the letters. But Jonathan still wanted to avoid thinking about his father\'92s death. Instead, he pried through the old man\'92s belongings, picked through his office until his eyes hurt and eventually fell shut.\
He slumped in the old Mr. Grimmer\'92s chair and awoke with drool on his face. He wiped his chin on his sleeve and sat upright, shaking his head as if to rouse himself.\
The almost-musical clang of the printing press resonated down the hall to his office, signalling that the day\'92s operations had already begun. Connor\'92s letters were sitting on the desk. He\'92d been up so late, he couldn\'92t recollect having taken them from his coat pocket, but he must have been reading them again, searching for something he\'92d missed.\
But there was nothing. For however many times he\'92d studied each and every syllable, there was nothing new to be gleaned, from the letters or from the contents of this desk.\
Then again\'85\
He was reaching to open the desk drawer again, clumsy from having just woken up, and had banged his arm on something that shouldn\'92t have been there. He got out of his seat and knelt down to see what it was. A lever. He reached beneath the desk, took hold of it, and pulled. There was a ratcheting sound and a distant boom as the room began to reveal his father\'92s secrets.\
Jonathan\'92s mouth fell open. Along the edge of the red carpet, there was a circular groove notched into the hardwood floor. It began to twist open. A section of the floor began slowly to rise up with the heavy sound of wood grinding against wood.\
Jonathan got out of his seat to get a better look at what was happening, and peered into the gap in the floor as the single circular section of the floor continued to rise. He caught flashes of steel and brass, turning cogs and winding pulleys.\
\'93What on god\'92s green earth?\'94 he muttered.\
He could hear the sound, loud even against the din of the printing press from down the hall, of enormous gears turning from somewhere well below. It was almost like the sound of a clock tower, or the turning wheels of a locomotive. The mechanical clang of an enormous machine coming to life.\
\'93A secret elevator,\'94 he realised, as it rose up to fill the the gap in the floor.}