{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://188EC36D-A996-4E73-A2A3-9A735D5AC936"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf0 After sending Mr. Lockwood to visit Parson Sinews in prison, he\'92d wanted to pay a visit to the other attendants of the Vigilance Committee, but they\'92d parted with the understanding that another meeting would soon follow. Therefore no addresses had been exchanged, and while Captain Merrick\'92s knowledge of the city was vast, he couldn\'92t be expected to know everyone in London.\
Locating Edward Steen or Marianne Hatton proved impossible. Tidkins\'92 name was obviously a pseudonym, which left only Parson Sinews and Henry Charles Ocelot. He\'92d already spoken to Ocelot and was reluctant to bother him again so soon, and Parson Sinews\'92 whereabouts remained unknown.}}
\f0\fs28 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://628B391D-C8F4-428B-BEAB-041F42C0BEA8"}}{\fldrslt So Jonathan had returned home for a bit of sleep}}, and when he\'92d found that sleep would not come without horrid nightmares that left him breathless, he\'92d called for a hansom to take him to the Printing Company.\
Now, Jonathan paused to stand before a long, winding driveway, which led the way through several neatly planted evergreens and a well-tended garden of chrysanthemums, rhododendrons, and hyacinths, towards a huge building of red brick. The entrance to the driveway was marked by a wooden sign, which hung smartly from a tall signpost. 
\i Grimmer and Sons Printing Company
\i0 ,
\i  
\i0 it read in a plain font carved into the wood. Grimmer and Sons was the publisher of a number of literary magazines and newspapers, their most successful enterprise being the penny dreadfuls they published.\
Jonathan made his way up the driveway to the entrance of the building, an unimaginatively decorated structure of brick, square and impressive only insofar as it was large.\
As the hansom pulled out of the driveway, Jonathan climbed the small flight of stairs and stepped through a tall, white door. \
The almost-musical clang of the printing press resonated down the hall, signalling that the day\'92s operations had already begun. Jonathan swept through the lobby, giving a brusque nod to the receptionist as he headed into the hallway.\
A familiar voice resonated as he rounded the corner. Jonathan\'92s mother, Mrs. Grimmer, was still part owner of the company, and worked as its financier. But she was not discussing finance.\
\'93- Lord Connor,\'94 Jonathan heard.\
Whatever else she was saying, it was drowned out by the mechanical thrum of the printing machines. But that single name was enough to capture his attention. He hurried down the hall to catch up. Her voice began to grow louder; she wasn\'92t moving away from him, as he\'92d thought, but towards him. Judging by the sound of her voice, she was about to round the corner. He ducked into an alcove, just as she did, and her voice became more clear.\
\'93They\'92re leaning hard on all the newspapers, not just the Weekly Gazette,\'94 someone was saying, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BFFA4C6E-CFBE-449D-80AD-CE81D4C2A272"}}{\fldrslt \'93If we go public with the truth, we\'92ll blow our cover.\'94}}\
\'93So what are we supposed to do? Just keep quiet? You and I both know that Dr. Allen was not arrested,\'94 Mrs. Grimmer replied in hushed tones.\
Her voice was getting closer. Jonathan backed as far into the alcove as space would allow. He hated to be caught eavesdropping, but she was headed his way.\
\'93You know this stinks of 
\i The Resurrectionists
\i0 ,\'94 she continued.\
Suddenly her voice stopped, as if she\'92d realised her conversation was being overheard.\
Jonathan took a breath. He waited, but the conversation did not resume. Ten seconds, fifteen, twenty. He stepped out of the alcove. His mother was gone, as was her accomplice. They must have disappeared into one of the offices along this hallway, he realised.\
He hurried down the hall, guessing which one they might have gone in. He had a strong idea of which one it might be. He came to a halt before a door of solid oak with a brass nameplate. 
\i Charles Grimmer, Director
\i0 .\
He opened the door and was surprised to see that the office was deserted. The lamps were lit, however, and it was clear that someone had been in here. He stepped inside and shut the door, his mouth wide.\
He\'92d been in this office at least a dozen times since his father\'92s death, and countless times before that. But now there was a wide gap in the floor where a red and gold carpet normally lay, and a tall structure of steel and brass rose up out of it.\
\'93What on god\'92s green earth?\'94 he muttered.\
A tall metal cage, cylindrical, with the missing section of the floor as its roof, beneath which was a dark shaft that must have led to the building\'92s basement. A cable ran down the shaft from the top of the metal cage, seeming to operate on a pulley system. The cable was running even now, the pulley revolving as the machine worked.\
He could hear the sound, loud even against the din of the printing press from down the hall, of enormous gears turning from somewhere well below. It was almost like the sound of a clock tower, or the turning wheels of a locomotive. The mechanical clang of an enormous machine in operation.\
\'93A secret elevator,\'94 he realised, even as it descended.\
The metal cage disappeared into the floor, filling the missing section of the floor with a hiss of air. The crease in the floor was just barely visible, and only then because Jonathan knew what to look for.\
He put his hands on the floor, running them along the length of the crease. There was no latch, no dial, nothing to indicate how to turn the elevator on.\
He looked around the room. There had to be a switch somewhere, even it was hidden. He scrutinized his father\'92s old office, exploring each inch first with his eyes and then with his hands, picking up this item and putting it down, then picking up that item, looking behind it and putting it back where he\'92d found it again. He was beginning to think that he\'92d imagined the elevator, but no, there was the crease in the floor where it was hidden. But where in the blazes was the switch? He growled in frustration, fruitlessly picking up books in order to check the wall behind the panel, just as one book suddenly stood out.\
A Penny Dreadful publication called 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 . Its author was unnamed. If Jonathan recalled correctly, it had originally been published serially, each issue appearing in a periodical magazine, with a number of different writers continuing to write the stories after its original author passed away. Later, the stories were collected and reprinted in a thick paperback volume of nearly four hundred pages.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8A65E45A-05F1-4D77-8104-FB71CE079EAF"}}{\fldrslt Unusually, most of the books on the shelf had been collecting dust. The air was filled with dust, now that Jonathan had disturbed the books. But 
\i Tales of Dead London 
\i0 was not the least bit dusty. Which meant that unless it had only recently been added to his father\'92s library, the book had recently been handled. Jonathan picked it up now. As he did, the heavy mechanical sound of revolving gears and gyrating pulleys announced that the elevator had started up again.}}\
He looked to see the floor begin to separate once more, the hidden panel lifting up to reveal the hidden cage into which the elevator would soon rise. In his hand, the book refused to lift from the shelf. It was affixed to the shelf, connected to a lever with little brass screws sticking into its spine. The book was no book at all. It wasn\'92t even made of paper, he realized with surprise.\
Finally, the elevator finished its ascent, and Jonathan let go of the book. It snapped back into place with a slight clicking sound.\
Jonathan opened the door of the cage, and stepped nervously into the elevator. He looked around the inside of the cage for some sort of lever that would operate the machine, and eventually found it. He reached up to pull the switch, just as the office door swung open.\
\
A red-haired woman stepped into the office. She closed the door behind her and swaggered across the room, her dress swishing noisily, until she stood face to face with Jonathan. Pretty, but dreadfully disfigured on one side of her face, the woman wore a clockwork monocle on her right side, a long thin scar running down her cheek. She wore a white blouse and black gloves trimmed with lace, and a dark green skirt. There was something incredibly familiar about her, but Jonathan couldn\'92t think who she might be. He quickly tried to think of an explanation for what he was doing in a cage in his father\'92s office.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CF4EBA81-16BE-4CDA-AC8C-7A1DDE1EF99C"}}{\fldrslt \'93Mr. O,\'94 said the woman.}}\
He felt the breath knocked out of him. There was only one person who would know him by that name.\
\'93Mr. Monday,\'94 he breathed.\
\'93
\i Miss
\i0  Monday,\'94 she replied, with a grin.\
\'93Yes, I see that. Since when are you a woman?\'94\
\'93My whole life,\'94 she replied, not without humour. \'93I was wearing a disguise when we met. I apologize for the deception, but I felt it was necessary.\'94\
\'93Some disguise,\'94 he remarked honestly. \'93How did you find me?\'94\
\'93I told you. You really have no concept of clandestine operations. Your airship has the name of your company printed right on it.\'94\
He sighed. Splendid. He might as well have given the assassin his calling card and left his front door open while he slept.\
\'93Are you here to kill me?\'94 he asked. \'93Might as well get it over with. I\'92m unarmed.\'94\
She rolled her eyes. There was a whir of gears from her right, as the ocular device rotated.\
\'93Didn\'92t I tell you I\'92m not an assassin? I\'92m not here to kill you.\'94\
\'93No?\'94 Jonathan raised an eyebrow. \'93Then what do you want with me?\'94\
The lady assassin was equally suspicious.\
\'93What is this?\'94 she demanded, indicating the elevator. \'93Why don\'92t you come out of there so we can talk?\'94\
Jonathan opened the door of the cage. He was about to step out, when he thought better of it.\
\'93I\'92ve got a better idea,\'94 he said.\
He pressed his back up against the cage in order to make room for Miss Monday to enter. There was hardly enough space for the two of them, but she squeezed herself inside, and allowed him to close the gate behind her.\
She looked at him with suspicion in her eyes. He had the unnerving feeling that she was somehow looking through him, with that monocle of hers. Its gears rotated and its lens telescoped forward, aiming in his direction. At last, the lens retracted, and she stepped inside. She let him close the gate.\
\
He pulled a lever, and Miss Monday gave a start as the elevator shuddered and began to descend. There was a ratcheting sound from above and a thunderous boom from deep below.\
\'93You were right. Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist. You remember how I said that Connor was sick, by the way? I figured out what with.\'94\
Jonathan raised an eyebrow.\
\'93Yes?\'94\
\'93It\'92s a virus,\'94 she said. \'93It\'92s called Lazarus.\'94\
Jonathan frowned. This was news to him. Even Sinews hadn\'92t mentioned anything about Lazarus. He had to hand it to her. The woman was resourceful.\
\'93The crow-faced men, Resurrectionists as well, I presume\'97they took whatever was in Connor\'92s safe. They were the ones that hired me, but it was a setup. Bastards knew Connor was infected, probably infected him themselves. Said they hoped I\'92d be infected too. They tried to intimidate me. I refuse to be intimidated.\'94\
\'93Very good,\'94 Jonathan encouraged. \'93Give them what for. Just leave me out of it.\'94\
\'93Leave you out of it, Mr. O? I hate to tell you this, but in case you hadn\'92t noticed, you\'92re already in it. You\'92re in it deep.\'94\
Jonathan sighed.\
\'93I know,\'94 he admitted.\
But he 
\i was
\i0  in over his head. He\'92d just wanted to catch the man who\'92d killed his father. Perhaps he should have just left that to the police. Miss Monday was right. He wasn\'92t cut out for all the cloak and dagger.\
\'93Listen, I intend to learn everything I can about the Resurrectionists and take these bastards down. I need your help.\'94\
\'93You\'97what?\'94 Jonathan stammered. \'93Take them down?\'94\
\'93Remember, my entire livelihood is at stake. These Resurrectionists, in betraying me, have sullied my reputation as a professional.\'94\
\'93Your\'85reputation? You\'92re a criminal!\'94 Jonathan protested.\
\'93I need your help,\'94 she repeated, holding on to the sides of the elevator for balance.\
Jonathan swallowed.\
\'93Alright,\'94 he said cautiously, \'93What you said before, when we first met. We\'92re in this together. You\'92ll understand if I\'92m not interested in saving your reputation as a thief, I\'92m sure, but I share your goal of uncovering information on the Resurrectionists. Can I ask you something?\'94\
It seemed as if the floor was rising, moving up with surprising speed with the grating sound of grinding metal and slowly revolving gears. Miss Monday nodded.\
\'93Why were you dressed as a gentleman?\'94\
She snorted.\
\'93Never mind that. What are we doing? What\'92s down there? What does this have to do with 
\i them
\i0 ?\'94\
\'93That\'92s what I want to find out,\'94 Jonathan replied.\
As the elevator shuddered and rattled and the floor continued to rise, he told her about his escape from Connor\'92s mansion, about his meeting with the Vigilance Committee and the arrest of the false Dr. Allen. And finally, his discovery of the secret elevator. Throughout his explanation, she glared at him as if she thought he was full of crap. Not that he blamed her. Even he found his story hard to swallow, and he\'92d lived it.\
\'93I knew it was too good to be true,\'94 she said at last.\
\'93What was?\'94\
\'93I read an article in the newspaper that mentioned Dr. Allen\'92s arrest,\'94 she told him.\
\'93Which paper?\'94 he asked.\
\'93The Weekly Gazette,\'94 she answered.\
One of the Grimmer Company\'92s newspapers.\
\'93Why do you ask?\'94\
\'93Just something my mother said,\'94 he answered vaguely.\
The floor rose up above their heads, and they plunged into near darkness, the only light being the gas lantern above their heads, and it suddenly seemed as if they were descending into Hell. All that they could see was the cage-like walls of the elevator, and the machinery of its workings, which propelled them downward, toward the basement.\
She put her arms on him, for balance, as the floor rattled beneath them, and he caught her. She leaned into his embrace, and though they were descending into the basement, he felt himself growing warmer. He put his hand against the back of her neck, leaned in close, and let his lips linger half an inch from hers.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A98BF514-32D6-4FE1-93EE-4B136E568DB1"}}{\fldrslt After a moment, she leaned in and pressed her mouth against his. Her lips were warm, and soft, but she kissed him roughly. He kissed her clumsily, fumbling as he put his arms around her waist.}}}