{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green255\blue79;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \'93The Grimmer Company owns that paper,\'94 he told her. \'93My mother, she said something about wanting to print the true story, but she was concerned it would blow her cover. She might not be with the Resurrectionists at all. I think she might be working against them, from the inside.\'94\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \cb1 To Jonathan it seemed as if everything had started with his father\'92s letter.\
\'93Dear Jonathan,\'94 he\'92d said. \'93There\'92s not sufficient time for me to tell you everything, so I\'92ll say just this. Lord Henry Connor is dangerous.\'94\
The rest of the letter was illegible, and it was clear that it was not finished. But if it had not been for that short letter from his father, he would not have paid such close attention to Lord Connor\'92s letter when sorting through his father\'92s office. If he\'92d not scrutinized that so closely, he would not have noted the matching penmanship with Francis Varney\'92s letter, and were it not for those letters, he would never have attended Lord Connor\'92s party, never met Mr. Monday. Never ventured to attended Mr. Sinews\'92 Vigilance Committee meeting, never witnessed his arrest. One event led to another. But now Jonathan had come full circle.}