{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93However, I have come up with another theory. As I said, Dr. Allen was tasked with creating an army of superior soldiers, using both surgical and pharmaceutical technologies. When I began my research into Dr. Allen\'92s activities, I stumbled across a subject that at first seemed to bear no relevance to the case, but which upon further consideration I realized was absolutely critical in understanding Dr. Allen\'92s motives.\'94 He turned to Henry Ocelot. \'93Are you familiar with the term 
\i houngan
\i0 ?\'94\
\'93A vodoun word,\'94 said Ocelot, \'93A 
\i houngan
\i0  is a sorceror, a practitioner of dark magic.\'94\
\'93Magic, yes,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93I have heard it said that occasionally science is indistinguishable from magic.\'94\
\'93You\'92re saying\'85?\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93The story I read about a particular 
\i houngan
\i0 , living in Haiti, apparently involved bringing a man back from the dead. However, when the man returned to life he was subject to the whims of the sorceror. A zombie, forced to do the houngan\'92s bidding. The resurrected man, according to the man who penned this particularly interesting article, was not actually under a 
\i vodou
\i0  spell. There was no magic involved at all; he had been poisoned with a particularly potent powder: a concoction involving the neurotoxins of a pufferfish, which can induce a death-like state convincing enough to fool even the most scrutinous of doctors. The other ingredients were behaviour-altering drugs. Pharmaceutical powders which could induce susceptibility to suggestion, cause delirium and cause memories to vanish from the victim\'92s mind. After reading the article, I found myself wondering if this might not be the sort of thing Dr. Allen might have been experimenting with. Would not a zombie make the perfect soldier? A man with no memories and no free will of his own, a soldier who would blindly follow the orders of his general? A leap of logic, perhaps, but nonetheless plausible, wouldn\'92t you agree?\'94\
\'93It is possible,\'94 Ocelot agreed after a pause.\
\'93At first I was sceptical of my own theory. I attempted to track down the article\'92s author. I hit several dead ends but eventually discovered evidence to suggest that it was written by Dr. Allen himself. It was signed James Vane, either an earlier pseudonym of the doctor or his birth name. At any rate, it was evidence enough that Allen had been studying that particular drug. I expanded upon my original theory. I hypothesized that not only had Dr. Allen managed to replicate this 
\i vodoun
\i0  concoction, but that it had been administered on the doctor himself. }