{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The office in which they arrived was nearly identical to the one upstairs. Annabel had lost track of how many stories they\'92d descended to get here, but her ears had popped uncomfortably once or twice, so it must have been quite a few. She pulled away from his kiss as they landed in the basement.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 she said. \'93I can\'92t\'85\'94\
\'93It\'92s fine,\'94 Mr. O tried to say, but Annabel was hardly listening.\
\'93No, really, I\'92m sorry,\'94 she said, flustered by her own impulsiveness. \'93How improper,\'94 she said.\
Having grown up in the lower classes, Annabel had learned much of what she knew about upper and middle class manners from books. Much in the way that a foreigner can often be said to have a better vocabulary than a native speaker of a language, while still struggling with pronunciation, Annabel had a deep understanding of the rules of polite society. It was the execution of those niceties that she struggled with.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A0939C41-50AE-4473-B2F4-F35B594BAE33"}}{\fldrslt \'93I honestly don\'92t know what came over me. Really, I don\'92t even like you.\'94}}\
\'93Oh, that\'92s reassuring,\'94 Mr. O said angrily, though he was blushing from cheek to ear. \'93Anyway, it was my fault entirely. Forget it ever happened.\'94\
\'93I will then,\'94 she snapped.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 Finally, he released the latch of the elevator\'92s gate, and allowed Annabel to exit first. With undisguised relief, she exited the claustrophobic space, and entered the other office, her hand hovering near her gun holster, which was concealed beneath a few layers of her bustle skirt.\
This office had curtains over the windows, like the one upstairs, though she suspected that if she were to pull them aside, she\'92d be looking at a bare wall. Still, they provided the comforting illusion that they were not several stories underground. The desk in this office was clearly used regularly. It was covered in scratches, tea stains, and loosely organised sheets of dog-eared and crumpled papers. Annabel skimmed through some of the documents at the top of the pile as she perused the office.\
She looked to Mr. O, who seemed even more out of his element than she was. Understandable, if what he was saying was true. Still\'85\
\'93I imagine you don\'92t trust me any more than I trust you, which is to say, not at all. However,\'94 she said, pausing. \'93This situation merits caution. We may very well be in the secret headquarters of the Resurrectionists.\'94\
Mr. O, for his part, headed to the door and looked through the glass. When he saw that there was no immediate threat outside the door, he turned to face her.\
\'93You\'92re right. I don\'92t trust you. But right now, there are very few people that I 
\i do
\i0  trust. There\'92s still much that I don\'92t know\'97that 
\i we
\i0  don\'92t know\'97but there is a connection between the Resurrectionists and my family.\'94 He paused, clearly hesitating with something. \'93My father wrote me a letter, just before he died, warning me about Lord Connor. He knew something about the Resurrectionists.\'94\
Annabel nodded, sympathetic. No wonder his interest in meeting Lord Connor.\
\'93My mother must have known something too. I overheard her talking with someone, saying something about Lord Connor.\'94\
\'93Your 
\i mother
\i0 ?\'94 Annabel replied. \'93So you think she\'92s connected to the Resurrectionists too?\'94\
\'93Shhh. Someone\'92s coming,\'94 he said.\
Annabel scanned the room for somewhere to hide.\
\'93Here,\'94 she said, opening the door to a supply closet.\
She slipped inside, and Mr. O followed, sliding the door closed and shutting them into near darkness. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6CB487AC-C2D0-4305-A019-F8D1025A6ADA"}}{\fldrslt Once again she was pressed up close to Mr. O in close quarters.}}\
The door to the office swung open, and Annabel could hear two voices, deep in conversation. She held her breath and listened to the voices and footsteps grow closer as they crossed the room.\
\'93Jonathan?\'94 said one voice, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7F68121A-E290-4016-BD38-C862C7D22E82"}}{\fldrslt Annabel felt Mr. O clench his muscles.}} If she could see him in the darkness, she guessed his face might have gone pale. \'93You must be mistaken. He doesn\'92t know anything.\'94\
\'93I have it on good authority that he was there. He escaped via airship, but he was in the room with Lord Connor,\'94 said the second voice. An American accent, a man, probably in his thirties or forties, Annabel guessed.\
\'93Circumstantial,\'94 the first voice replied. A woman, older from the sound of her voice. \'93That doesn\'92t mean anything.\'94\
\'93In either case, I think we should bring him in.\'94\
\'93I\'92m not sure he\'92s ready. To be honest, I\'92m not sure he\'92ll ever be ready.\'94\
\'93You\'92re his mother. You want to protect him. That\'92s understandable,\'94 said the American. \'93But the work we\'92re doing here is important. He could be important, especially if the Resurrectionists want him.\'94\
Annabel heard the elevator gate swing open, drowning out the woman\'92s reply. She heard footsteps on metal, then the sound of the gate closing.\
\'93We\'92re not using Jonathan as bait,\'94 the woman was saying, a tone of finality to her voice. \'93What about the woman? The thief? We need to move the plan forward, 
\i without
\i0  Jonathan.\'94\
\'93Miss Monday?\'94 the American replied. \'93She\'92s proven to be somewhat elusive.\'94\
The elevator had begun to ascend, taking the older woman and the American back to the ground floor. Their voices became indistinguishable as the elevator disappeared, but they both caught one more thing. A name. 
\i Dr. Allen
\i0 .\
Annabel waited until the sound of the elevator became a distant thrum, before stepping out of the closet. At last, she remembered to breathe. As she\'92d suspected, Mr. O was looking a bit pale. She looked at him for an explanation.\
\'93Jonathan?\'94 she asked.\
\'93At your service,\'94 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://670BB8CA-D035-4790-834C-853408B1167B"}}{\fldrslt Mr. O replied. }}\'93Jonathan Grimmer.\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 she said. \'93So you\'92re heir to the Grimmer Company.\'94\
Obviously she\'92d known from the name emblazoned on his airship that he was connected to the Grimmers, but she hadn\'92t known for sure that he was one of them. He might have just been an employee of the Grimmer Company.\
\'93So that woman, that was Mrs. Grimmer? Your mother?\'94\
Mr. O\'97Jonathan Grimmer\'97nodded, stress clearly written on his face. It was difficult to think of him as Mr. Grimmer.\
\'93Bloody hell,\'94 Annabel swore. \'93So I guess she 
\i is
\i0  connected to the Society.\'94\
\'93Actually, that\'92s why I asked about the newspaper. The Weekly Gazette is one of Grimmer and Sons\'92 newspapers,\'94 Mr. O told her. \'93My mother said something earlier about wanting to print the true story, but she was concerned it would blow her cover.\'94\
\'93Her cover? You mean\'97\'94\
\'93She might not be with the Resurrectionists at all. I think she might be working against them, from the inside.\'94\
\'93It\'92s possible,\'94 Annabel agreed, heading to the door. \'93Then again, she might not. Shouldn\'92t we see for ourselves?\'94\
She peered through the pane of glass in the door. The coast appeared to be clear, but she cracked open the door and was careful as she leaned out for a second look. She gestured to Mr. O that it was clear, and a moment later, they were heading down the hall.\
The hall was brightly lit by lamps in sconces along the wall, and there were no alcoves and no supply closets for them to duck into if they were caught down here. There was a series of doors along the hallway, labeled, like the office doors upstairs, with nameplates.\

\i Abraham Palmer, Agent
\i0 , said the first nameplate. 
\i Bartholemew White, Chemist
\i0 , said the next. 
\i R\'e9my Mills, Biologist
\i0 . 
\i Mrs. Elizabeth Grimmer, Chief Financial Officer
\i0 .\
\'93My mother,\'94 said Mr. O when they reached that door. He tried the door, but it was locked, like the others.\
\'93What of Mr. Grimmer?\'94 Annabel asked casually.\
A flicker of emotion passed through Mr. O\'92s face. His lips tightened.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 she said, realising that whatever had happened to Mr. O\'92s father, it must have been in recent memory.\
Mr. O nodded, quietly.\
They passed another door. 
\i Dr. Robert Miles, Engineer. 
\i0 Mr. O seemed to hesitate here, and his jaw tightened but he said nothing. The door was locked, like the others.\
The next door they came to was not labelled with the name of any person, but was simply called 
\i Alpha Laboratory
\i0 . Mr. O paused here. He tried the door, and it swung open, much to Annabel\'92s surprise. \
She waited at the doorway while Mr. O went inside and checked that the room was empty. He nodded, and Annabel entered the room, closing the door behind her while Mr. O worked at lighting the room\'92s lamps. Even before he\'92d finished his task, she\'92d caught a glimpse of an image that would undoubtedly haunt her dreams that night and for nights to come.\
She choked back a cry of horror as she stared at an enormous, cylindrical fish tank of thick glass, which stood on one side of the room, the contents of the tank becoming more clear as each new lamp cast light upon the room.\
\'93Oh dearest God in heaven,\'94 she said quietly, \'93What in the name of Fuck is that?\'94}