{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green255\blue79;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 removed: 
\f1\fs28  We need to move the plan forward, but the antiserum is still unstable, and Dr. Allen\'92s health is deteriorating. We may not have long.\
\
removed:  We 
\i believe
\i0  she must have been hit with Lazarus, but we need to find her\'85\
\
removed:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \cb2 \
\'93We don\'92t know that!\'94 Mr. O protested.\
\'93Oh? So who is this Dr. Allen she mentioned?\'94 Annabel asked, trying to be gentle while still being blunt. It wasn\'92t in her nature to be gentle. \'93Name rings a bell. Isn\'92t he that lunatic boffin that cuts people into pieces and turns them into puppets?\'94\cb1 \
She was thinking about Bertram Melbourne. And she knew perfectly well who Dr. Allen was.\
Mr. O grimaced.\
\'93Automatons,\'94 he corrected.\
\'93Sorry?\'94\
\'93He turns them into automatons,\'94 he said.\
Annabel gave him a look.\
\'93I did a bit of research last night, after you abandoned me at Connor\'92s party,\'94 he explained.\
\'93And? What did you learn?\'94\
\'93Dr. Allen\'85\'94 he began. \'93I believe we now have a suspect.\'94\
\'93A suspect?\'94 Annabel replied. \'93You make it sound as though we\'92re detectives.\'94\
\'93If I wish to catch my father\'92s killer, and if you wish to determine who it was that set you up, then we must act as detectives, don\'92t you think?\'94}