{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0  The tank was filled to the top with dark, murky water, completely sealed to prevent the creature within from escaping. Pressed against the glass was a set of lifeless, rotten fingers.\
The skin on those rough hands had begun to slough off and reveal a set of yellowed bones. The zombie\'92s naked, sinewy flesh had slowly begun to rot and fall away, filling the tank with drifting bits of rotten meat, a macabre snow globe. Within a ribcage bare of flesh, was a heart turned black and grey by rot. Un-beating.\
But it was the creature\'92s face which truly filled Annabel with unshakable terror, and from which she could not tear away her gaze.\
Its jaws, still gnashing, its yellowing teeth\'97many of which lay on the floor of the tank, leaving only a few, randomly placed in its mouth\'97ground against the glass walls as if to gnaw its way free. The zombie stared at Annabel through the glass.\
She could see her own face, reflected in the glass, and knew that her expression was one of utter horror. But still, she stepped closer to the tank, looking in amazement and repulsion at the once-human thing that swam within the confines of its glass prison.\
Its nose, decomposed so thoroughly that Annabel could see the wretched creature\'92s skull through its nostrils. Its ears, tattered and torn like scraps of old cloth. And its eyes, its dreadful eyes. White and lifeless, unblinking, as the creature moved its head to stare alternately at Annabel.\
Suddenly, she saw another face, reflected in the glass. She whirled around. It was an old man, bespectacled, dressed in a lab coat, leaning heavily on his cane. He emerged from a door at the back of the room. She\'92d been so taken in by the creature in the tank that she hadn\'92t even seen the door until just that moment. She relaxed slightly. He didn\'92t seem like much of a threat, but her hand still hovered at her gun belt.\
Seeming not to notice Annabel\'92s wariness, he flashed her a smile and busied himself with his work, entirely ignoring her. After a while, he looked up, and seemed to notice for the first time that she was still there.\
\'93What is it?\'94 she asked, looking back and forth between the zombie in the tank and the old man.\
\'93It\'92s an experiment,\'94 he said.\
She turned back to the tank. Her skin crawled.\
\'93An experiment?\'94 she repeated, horrified, but managing to keep her voice calm.\
\'93We wanted to see if they could breathe underwater,\'94 he explained.\
\'93And?\'94 she asked\
\'93And it turns out they don\'92t 
\i need
\i0  to breathe,\'94 he said. \'93To clarify, most of them 
\i do
\i0  breathe, but I suspect that\'92s out of force of habit, rather than necessity. After all, they were human once, and breathing is part of human nature.\'94\
\'93So, they do retain some aspects of their human nature?\'94 she concluded.\
She stepped back as the thing inside the tank moved its head and looked at her, unblinking.\
Annabel shook her head in disgust as she forced herself to look away from the hideous creature in the tank. This creature had once been a man, a living man. It was pitiable, really, but she could not bring herself to feel pity. All she could feel, even as she turned away to stare at the scientist, was dread.\
\'93This isn\'92t the first one I\'92ve seen,\'94 she told him. Her voice was quiet, lacking its usual tone of confidence and danger. There was fear in her voice, and she knew it, the moment the words tumbled out of her mouth. She forced herself to swallow the fear, to get control of herself. Her hands were sweating. She could feel the zombie\'92s eyes on her.\
The scientist was staring at her, waiting for an explanation.\
\'93Lord Henry Connor,\'94 she said, keeping her voice firm, steady. \'93Among others.\'94\
The scientist nodded.\
\'93Ah, yes, Lord Connor,\'94 he said. \'93So, you were one of those sent to the masquerade, yes?\'94\
Annabel nodded. 
\i Best to go along with it
\i0 , she thought.\
\'93He was one of us, you know.\'94\
\'93A Resurrectionist?\'94 said Annabel.\
The scientist nodded again, both confirming what she had suspected about Lord Connor, and confirming that this was a Resurrectionist hideout. Just as she thought. At least the scientist seemed to think Annabel was one of them. As long as she could maintain that illusion, she might get out of here alive.\
\'93Do you know 
\i why
\i0  Connor was turned into one of\'85
\i these
\i0 ?\'94 she asked, pointing at the creature in the dank water. She noticed that he was right about the creature. It wasn\'92t breathing.\
A dark look crossed over the old man\'92s face. \'93Anthony Tidkins,\'94 he muttered, almost under his breath. \'93Before he came along, we were free to pursue whatever scientific interests caught our fancy. Now, we do what Anthony says. Anyone who crosses him\'85\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 she said, as if this wasn\'92t news to her, but her mind was spinning.\
Lord Connor had betrayed Tidkins. Annabel considered the package she\'92d taken from Connor\'92s safe. The vial of Lazarus. The Resurrectionists had arranged for Annabel to steal it; Connor\'92s betrayal, she thought, was that he\'92d refused to give the virus to the Resurrectionists. For his betrayal, Tidkins had killed him. 
\i No, not killed
\i0 , she realized. Connor had been turned into a zombie. Her brow furrowed. If Tidkins had infected Connor with Lazarus, that meant he already had access to the virus. Why did he need to steal it from Connor\'92s safe?\
\'93What\'92s your field of study?\'94 asked the scientist. \'93I haven\'92t seen you down here before.\'94\
Annabel tensed. She knew nothing about science, but she couldn\'92t afford to give herself up. She took a stab at it, latching on to something he\'92d said earlier.\
\'93Oh, well, I used to be an anatomist,\'94 she said. \'93Only now\'85\'94\
The old man sniffed.\
\'93Now you study the unliving,\'94 he finished. He walked around from behind his desk, hobbling a bit on his cane. \'93I was a surgeon.\'94\
Annabel smiled tightly. A surgeon would certainly know plenty about anatomy. Hopefully he didn\'92t ask too many questions.\
\'93Dr. Henry Jekyll,\'94 he said, holding out his hand. She shook it. \'93Firm grip you have, Doctor\'85?\'94\
She noticed his use of an alias. She remembered that the Resurrectionists took their names from literature, from penny bloods and Newgate novels. This wasn\'92t exactly common knowledge, but Annabel had once lived in the home of Anthony Tidkins, the most famous of the Resurrectionists. She knew a few of their secrets.\
\'93Dr. Musidora Sinclair,\'94 she answered.\
Dr. Jekyll nodded his approval. Apparently Annabel had passed the test. Musidora Sinclair was from 
\i The Necromancer
\i0 . Annabel thought it appropriate, considering the Resurrectionists were supposed to be raising the dead.\
\'93So what 
\i are
\i0  these things exactly?\'94 she asked, tapping her fingers on the glass.\
\'93Fascinating specimen, isn\'92t it?\'94 Dr. Jekyll replied, excitedly hobbling over on his cane.\
He was staring into the tank now, too, but his expression was not one of horror. He was fascinated.\
\'93They\'92re infected,\'94 he said at last, turning away from the zombie to look at Annabel. \'93It\'92s a sickness. And a rather unpredictable one at that. From what we can tell, it\'92s passed from one victim to another via bodily fluids: blood, saliva, and so forth. Once infected, the victim quickly begins to die. But it is in death that the disease truly takes its toll. After death sets in, he wakes up. It\'92s called\'97\'94\
\'93The Lazarus Virus,\'94 Annabel finished.\
\'93That\'92s right,\'94 the scientist confirmed. He offered her a broad smile. \'93So you do know a bit about it already?\'94\
Annabel nodded. \'93I know they\'92re dangerous,\'94 she said. \'93And I know the infection is spreading throughout the city. There was a vial of green liquid\'97\'94\
\'93Ah yes!\'94 Dr. Jekyll exclaimed, \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F5ABD1C7-B626-496B-B258-FA98F4B2C94C"}}{\fldrslt Yes, 
\i Francis Varney\'92s 
\i0 contribution to the 
\i Dead London Project}}. See, we had already managed to replicate the virus, and we were able to spread it via injection. Varney\'92s solution was a bit neater, of course. The green liquid you mentioned, a solution containing the Lazarus Virus, is easily converted into a gaseous form. This gas, once inhaled, causes infection.\'94 Jekyll smiled. \'93Very effective, especially when combined with Anthony Tidkins\'92 mechanical ravens.\'94\
Annabel forced a smile, and gave him a quick nod.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F2A6A6C4-3B84-4973-82D0-0AB64EF03BDF"}}{\fldrslt  }}\
\'93But why?\'94 she asked. \'93Why spread the virus at all?\'94\
Jekyll frowned, and tilted his head. His bushy eyebrows narrowed suspiciously. \'93You mean you don\'92t know?\'94\
Annabel shook her head.\
Dr. Jekyll decided to take pity on her. He patted her shoulder. \'93Dr. Sinclair,\'94 he said grandly, \'93We\'92re trying to cure death.\'94\
He narrowed his eyes and focused on the zombie in the tank. He waved a finger in front of the glass and watched, fascinated, as the zombie tracked his movement with its dead eyes. He seemed to forget that Annabel was still there, he seemed so lost in his fascination with the thing in the tank. Annabel felt revolted, yet Dr. Jekyll seemed to have answers. And Annabel still had questions.\
\'93Anthony Tidkins believes that somewhere, in this vast city, 
\i someone
\i0  will be exposed to the virus and 
\i not
\i0  become one of these creatures.\'94 He tapped the glass, and the zombie snapped its teeth ineffectively against the glass. \'93He believes that the human race is resilient, that we may be naturally immune to some viruses. If just 
\i one
\i0  person proved to be immune to Lazarus, their blood might be used to create a cure.\'94\
Annabel gasped. So they 
\i were
\i0  working on a cure. They didn\'92t have it yet, but there was still a chance to save the city.\
\'93So you spread the disease just to find a cure for it? That\'92s insane.\'94\
\'93Cure Lazarus, cure death,\'94 he said simply. He stared into the dark glass tank, Annabel\'92s face and his staring back at him in the reflection. \'93Lazarus isn\'92t an ordinary disease,\'94 he elaborated.\
Annabel snorted dismissively. 
\i Clearly
\i0 , she thought.\
\'93For the infected, death is a metamorphic process, transforming them from humans into predatory beasts. They do not speak, they do not think. Indeed, they do not seem to possess any sort of capacity for reason or logic. They act only on their predatory instincts and their incredible hunger. And of course, they eat the living.\'94 He paused, coughed violently into his handkerchief, staining it red with blood. He cleared his throat and continued as if nothing had happened. \'93But while their bodies are decaying, these creatures have effectively evaded death. They cannot be killed, except by a severe blow to the brain; they will live forever.\'94\
\'93You call this a life?\'94 she said, meaningfully indicating the moldering creature that floated before them, hungrily grasping at them through the glass. Again and again, it struck its hands against the glass. Like a bird flying into a window, it didn\'92t seem to understand that it couldn\'92t pass through the glass.\
\'93You\'92re right, of course. But if there was a cure\'85\'94 he said, trailing off. He coughed again, hacking up blood. When he was finished coughing, he said with renewed energy, his eyes alight with passion. \'93Suppose we could eliminate the side effects\'97the cannibalistic instincts, the rotting flesh, the loss of intelligence\'97while leaving the benefits of the metamorphosis\'97eternal life.\'94\
\'93You think that\'92s possible?\'94 Annabel asked.\
Turning away from the glass tank, he fixed his eyes on Annabel, and seemed to notice her brass eye for the first time. He narrowed his eyes.\
\'93What do you think?\'94 he asked, coldly.\
\'93I\'92m not sure,\'94 she said, nervous but managing to keep her voice even.\
\'93Speculate.\'94\
Annabel\'92s mouth became dry. She suddenly felt cold. She forced a smile and a laugh.\
Her hand drifted to her gun belt. She would shoot this old man here and now if she had to, but she worried the gunshot would draw more Resurrectionists. Better to talk her way out of this if she could.\
\'93Yes, I suppose it\'92s possible,\'94 she said.\
After a moment of tense silence, as the scientist stared at her clockwork eye, narrowing his eyes and studying her, he clapped his hands together, startling her.\
\'93Well,\'94 he said, \'93That settles it then. There\'92s someone who\'92s very anxious to meet you.\'94\
Annabel felt a cold sweat running down her back. He knew who she was, she was sure of it.\
She reached for her gun, but before she had a chance to draw it, she felt something sharp and cold pierce her skin. A prick, like a mosquito bite. She felt cold, and then numb, and then incredibly tired. It became hard to see, and difficult to hear, and then everything went black.}