{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Taggert had taken to striking with his baton, but not all of the zombies fell to his blows as easily as had Nichols. Not all of the dead had decomposed so quickly as he had.\
The rotten ones, their brains bashed in easily enough, beneath Taggert\'92s baton, but the rest had thicker skulls. Roderick could see that Taggert was exhausted already. His officers, having likewise expunged their limited supply of munitions had taken up Taggert\'92s strategy, battering the undead with their batons. Roderick wished for a baton himself. He found a small letter opener among the contents of Connor\'92s desk drawers; it was all he had to defend himself with.\
Some of the dead were on their hands and knees, crawling their way forward. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://21D83B7D-587C-4A4F-B145-D96A1A241F20"}}{\fldrslt These, Roderick dealt with himself, jamming the letter opener into their brittle skulls, or stomping on their heads with his bare feet. Their heads caved in beneath his feet as easily as squashing insects.}} He felt bile rise up in his throat, but he swallowed it and returned to his gruesome work. Thick blood spilled from the zombies, dark and rotten. Roderick\'92s feet were drenched in the vilest gore, and he worried there might be shards of bone cutting into his skin. He worried this affliction could be passed on through the blood.\
Like Taggert, Roderick was quickly becoming exhausted. He couldn\'92t keep this up for long. Soon enough, he\'92d tire, and when he did, the dead would be on him in an instant. They were slow, clumsy, and easily dispatched with a blow to the head, but they were relentless. And there were hundreds of them.\
Roderick didn\'92t know what the dead wanted. Would they eat his flesh, or simply kill him and move on to the next victim? One thing was clear, though; they were intent on hurting him. They wanted to sink their fingernails into his skin or to tear open his throat with their teeth. They lunged at him with their mouths open, swatted at him with their hands, and there was hunger in their otherwise dull eyes.\
Finally, an opening presented itself. It was not the opening Roderick would have hoped for, and it took all of his wits for him to see it that way. But it was an opportunity. The gnashing teeth of the dead had found their prey. The tall, dark-haired policeman. Roderick couldn\'92t even remember the man\'92s name, if he had bothered to learn it. Now he was watching the man die.\
He let out a piercing scream as his throat opened, gushing blood. In a moment, the rest of the dead had turned their attention to the fallen officer, sticking their hands with such force into him, as to rip his clothes to shreds and tear into his flesh with their nails and their teeth.\
Roderick watched, distracted by the horrific scene, as the dead bloodied their lips and pulled lengths of the man\'92s intestines from his body.\
Silently, he grabbed Taggert\'92s arm, dragging him away from the scene. Like Roderick, the man had fallen into silence and inaction. At first, he resisted Roderick\'92s attempt to drag him away. He was fixed on the scene. At last, he turned to Roderick, and with wide eyes, nodded.\
Taggert turned to the other remaining policeman, and called to him, his voice barely a whisper.\
\'93Hargrave!\'94 he called. The man didn\'92t answer. \'93Richard!\'94\
At last, Hargrave turned away from the scene, horror written across his face, tears streaming down his cheeks.\
\'93We have got to go,\'94 Taggert told him.\
Hargrave hesitated.\
\'93Now, Hargrave! Taggert hissed.\
Distancing themselves from the dead, the three remaining men backed quietly away, leaving the zombies to their feast, taking advantage of the distraction to let the remaining dead into the room. For the moment, they were invisible. The zombies were blind to all but the dying man, his flesh exposed, his meat quickly being stripped from his bones. They walked past Roderick, Taggert, and Hargrave as if they weren\'92t even there.\
Finally, when the dead were no longer crawling through the doorway in droves, they left the room, careful not to make a sound lest they distract the dead from their feast.\
They encountered a few stragglers on their way out, but dealt with them with their billy clubs. When they eventually stepped outside into Connor\'92s garden, Roderick had never breathed a fresher breath of air in London in all his life. It was short-lived.\
\'93Roderick, there are more of them out here!\'94 Taggert cried.\
Roderick gaped at the scene in front of them. Taggert was right. There were zombies everywhere. They were roaming the street. Their inhuman moans reverberated across Lincoln\'92s Inn Fields. Roderick heard distant screams, and knew that somewhere nearby the dead were attacking the living, as they had attacked the slain policemen. The zombies moved as one, turning their dead eyes on Roderick and the two policemen.\
\'93They must have gotten out of the house,\'94 said Taggert.\
Roderick shook his head.\
\'93Look,\'94 he said, \'93Over there.\'94\
Roderick was looking at one of the zombies: a child, poor, dirty, his feet bare, his clothing ragged and spattered with blood. Even as Roderick stared at the zombie child in horror, he grasped what it meant.\
\'93This boy wasn\'92t at Lord Connor\'92s ball. He couldn\'92t have been,\'94 he hissed to Taggert. \'93This incident was not confined to the masquerade.\'94}