{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Who are you? What are you doing here?\'94 said the doctor.\
He was looking at Miss Monday as if seeing her for the first time. Jonathan made the sound of a cuckoo clock, nodding in the doctor\'92s direction. Miss Monday nodded her agreement. The doctor rubbed his head in frustration. Clearly the man was not all there, but it was also clear that he was aware of his lapsing memory.\
\'93I\'92m not mad,\'94 the scientist protested. \'93It\'92s just that sometimes I forget things. I smoked a lot of opium in my youth. I believe that may have something to do with it.\'94\
\'93Ah, that is reassuring,\'94 Jonathan replied, managing to keep the sarcasm from his inflection.\
\'93Charles?\'94 he said, turning from Miss Monday to Jonathan. His expression was one of recognition, but he was still clearly confused. He thought Jonathan was his father.\
Jonathan shrugged.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he said. \'93It\'92s me. Doctor, I\'92m hoping you can tell me about Dr. Allen.\'94\
\'93Dr. Allen?\'94 said the scientist, laughing. \'93Why do you want to know about him? He\'92s not important. Not important,\'94 he trailed off, muttering those words over and over again. \'93Not important.\'94\
\'93Surely you\'92re mistaken,\'94 Jonathan said, grasping the man by his shoulders until at last he seemed to snap out of it and look at him.\
\'93Charles?\'94 he said, again as if seeing Jonathan for the first time.\
Letting him go, Jonathan took a step back.\
\'93Dr. Allen was commissioned by the military to create super-soldiers, was he not? Whatever he was studying, it was important to the Resurrectionists.\'94\
The doctor shook his head.\
\'93No,\'94 he said. \'93Well, yes and no.\'94\
He seemed lucid, for the moment, even if he did think that Jonathan was his father. He watched as the scientist turned to the creature in the dank water, fatigue creeping into his voice as he explained.\
\'93Dr. Allen, with the aid of a number of other prominent scientists, had undertaken a military contract, as you said, to create an army of super soldiers. They were studying something that they called genetics, a way of codifying an organism\'92s biological makeup. He believed that his research would allow scientists to actual modify that code, to combine one creature\'92s genetics with that of another. They were successful, even, in combining the genetic material of creatures long extinct with that of modern creatures, in order to bring these long-dead creatures back to life.\'94\
\'93Another sort of resurrection,\'94 Jonathan remarked.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D6DC1DD0-5A72-4569-B094-A3A9D153B5E9"}}{\fldrslt \'93Yes. They were able to extract the genetic material from blood found in mosquitoes, trapped in amber, found in paleontological dig sites. The material was often sufficiently preserved that these scientists were able to bring these prehistoric beings to life. Superior soldiers indeed, except that they proved difficult to manage. Impossible to tame. Dangerous.\'94}}\
\'93Hence the study of drugs for the purpose of behavioural modification?\'94 he asked, referring back to Mr. Sinews\'92 discussion.\
\'93No,\'94 the scientist replied. \'93No, that was Anthony Tidkins\'92 field of research.\'94\
\'93Anthony Tidkins?\'94\
\'93Dr. Allen\'92s research on genetics proved unimportant. His experiments proved unsuitable for military use, and nothing more came of it. He was assigned to a new project, but he refused to participate. Until Anthony Tidkins perfected the serum. When the serum was given to Dr. Allen, he finally agreed to continue his research. But the serum was flawed. It should have made him compliant. Instead, it made him lose his mind.\'94\
He exchanged a look with Miss Monday. This was all consistent with Parson Sinews\'92 theories, though he\'92d never mentioned anyone called Anthony Tidkins.\
\'93Who the hell is Anthony Tidkins?\'94 Jonathan demanded.\
The scientist turned around to look, not at Jonathan, but at Miss Monday.\
\'93Ask this one,\'94 he said. \'93She\'92ll tell you. That eye she\'92s wearing. It\'92s his handiwork.\'94}