{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Why does it smell like fresh bread in here?\'94 Annabel asked now.\
The scientist, persuaded by his belief that Mr. O was Charles Grimmer, had taken them down the long hallway, all the way to its end, and with a key that hung from his belt, had let them in. It was here, he\'92d told them, that they\'92d find their answers. \'93Well, some answers, at any rate,\'94 he\'92d added.\
Annabel had readily agreed. Anything to change the subject, really.\
She wasn\'92t ready to talk about Jack. Not yet. As far as memories went, she preferred the one with the bread.\
\'93Must be baking again,\'94 said the scientist, sniffing. \'93I know, it\'92s a bit strange, having an oven down here. But we wanted him to feel as comfortable as possible. We built this space to look as much like a real home as possible.\'94\
\'93Whose home?\'94 said Mr. O, \'93Who lives here?\'94\
It really was built to look like a home. Much like the office they\'92d been in earlier, there were windows along the walls, curtained to give the impression that they were not so deep underground. But this place took the illusion to the extreme. Hardwood floors lined with Persian rugs, tall ceilings, bookshelves filled with literature, Renaissance paintings on the walls. Even a staircase which seemed to lead to a second story. Annabel wondered if it really was a multi-levelled home.\
\'93Ah, Dr. Simms.\'94\
An elderly man approached from the kitchen. He had a sickly complexion, his skin tinged yellow, his posture hobbled by sickness. He was thin, too, and crossed the room leaning heavily upon his cane, though his eyes were bright and sharply focused on his guests. As he crossed the room, a gentle smile on his face brightened his face. A servant, at his side, wheeled a tall cylindrical device alongside. A series of tubes stuck out of the cylinder, connected to an oddly shaped leather mask.\
\'93And I see you\'92ve brought guests.\'94\
\'93George, you remember Charles? And\'85\'94 Dr. Simms paused. \'93No, that\'92s not right. This is 
\i Jonathan
\i0  Grimmer, isn\'92t it? Yes, Jonathan Grimmer. And Miss Monday.\'94\
Annabel winced. So he did know her. It would have been better if he didn\'92t. They\'92d already heard Mrs. Grimmer talking of using her in some way, and even if Mrs. Grimmer was on their side, that didn\'92t sit well with Annabel.\
\'93A pleasure to meet you both,\'94 said the old man. \'93My name is\'85well, I\'92m better known by my pseudonym. Dr. Allen.\'94\
Annabel blanched. This old man is the head of the Resurrectionists? The man supposed to have committed numerous atrocities in the name of science, chopped women and children into pieces and put them back together again? Only, according to Dr. Simms, he\'92d been under the influence of a serum that had messed with his mind.\
Mr. O actually laughed.\
\'93You? Dr. Allen? Really?\'94\
The old man sighed. He settled slowly into an armchair with the aid of a servant, who took his cane and set it nearby. He began to cough, lightly at first, but it soon developed into a fit of coughing that wracked his entire body. His servant handed him a handkerchief to cough into. When at last he pulled it away, it was stained with blood.\
\'93It\'92s getting worse,\'94 said the servant, handing him the leather mask.\
\'93Not now,\'94 the old man told him, dismissing him with the wave of a hand. To his guest, he said, \'93My apologies. Have a seat, won\'92t you?\'94\
A bit unsettled, Annabel took a seat on the divan, while Mr. O and Dr. Simms shared seats on the couch.\
\'93Tea?\'94 he offered.\
Annabel nodded. Might as well get comfortable, even if the man was reputed to be a mass murderer. Dr. Allen nodded at his servant, who left the room to fetch the niceties. Tea and biscuits were provided, the servant dismissed, and the unlikely party settled in to hear what Allen had to say.\
\'93My reputation precedes me,\'94 he observed. \'93What you must think of me.\'94\
Annabel took a bite of the shortbread. Another memory there, but her attention was fixed on the supposed devil doctor.\
\'93Dr. Simms told us that you were under the influence of a serum, created by a man named Anthony Tidkins,\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93Let\'92s not use pseudonyms,\'94 he said. \'93Anthony Tidkins\'92 real name is Jack.\'94\
Annabel started. She put a hand to her eye, and thought of Dr. Simms\'92 words. He\'92d said that her eye was Anthony Tidkins\'92 handiwork, but she\'92d dismissed it as the ramblings of a madman. After all, it was 
\i Jack
\i0  that made her clockwork eye.\
Dr. Allen smiled ruefully.\
\'93Anyway, that much is true. I was under the influence of Jack\'92s serum, a concoction of neurotoxins and poisons that can induce susceptibility to suggestion, erratic and unpredictable behaviour and memory loss among the more potent side effects. Which is not to say that I should be absolved of all guilt in the crimes I committed. I would never have done what I did without the serum\'92s influence; however, I am responsible for Jack. I must therefore accept that whatever accusations you wish to lay upon me are at least in some part true.\'94\
\'93How so?\'94 Annabel demanded.\
\'93I was Jack\'92s mentor,\'94 he replied, smiling sadly. \'93He wasn\'92t always so disturbed. Once, he was just a young, inquisitive mind. It was under my tutelage that his mind developed into an instrument of science, under my mentorship that Jack became what he is today.\'94\
\'93And what is he?\'94 said Mr. O.\
Dr. Simms sat forward.\
\'93The Resurrection Man,\'94 he said, suddenly shouting with excitement.\
He bobbed up and down in his seat. Faster and faster, Dr. Simms began to talk, while Dr. Allen attempted to quiet him.\
\'93The Resurrectionists were Jack\'92s vision. A collective of like-minded scientists who dreamed of elevating science beyond what it once was, putting it above ethics and morality. You want to vilify him, but Jack\'92s studies are important enough to justify Dr. Allen\'92s crimes, committed as a result of Jack\'92s serum. His vision depended upon the assistance of London\'92s most prominent scientists, not all of them loyal to the Resurrectionists. The serum, therefore, represents collaboration!\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 said Annabel, \'93I don\'92t understand. What is Jack\'92s vision? What is he studying?\'94\
\'93I believe you already 
\i know
\i0 ,\'94 Dr. Simms replied, looking at her with a ferocity in his eyes that hadn\'92t been there a moment earlier.\
Still, Dr. Allen was attempting to quiet the other doctor. Eventually, he turned his attention to Mr. O.\
\'93Jack is insane. That isn\'92t to say that his work isn\'92t of value, as Dr. Simms suggests, but his work is also incredibly dangerous. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://33F35BB0-305B-48B2-80BF-875AA07BAC02"}}{\fldrslt He\'92ll go to any length to achieve his goals, even if that means infecting civilians with the Lazarus Virus.\'94}}\
\'93Why don\'92t you stop him?\'94 asked Annabel.\
\'93You can\'92t stop Jack!\'94 shouted Dr. Simms.\
Dr. Allen looked pityingly at the other doctor, then back to Jonathan.\
\'93What can I do? The Resurrectionists have begun to revere Jack as a god. Symptomatic of the serum.\'94\
Mr. O exchanged a look with Annabel.\
\'93Yet you seem to remain immune,\'94 Mr. O observed.\
\'93The serum\'92s effects are not permanent. It must be administered regularly. Perhaps for sentimental reasons, or perhaps because I\'92m too sick and frail to do much harm or to be of much use, Jack has not been dosing me with his serum.\'94\

\i Assuming
\i0  he was telling the truth about all of this, Annabel suddenly found that she had more questions than answers. At the very least she now knew where to direct her vengeance. Jack. But she wasn\'92t about to act blindly. She still wasn\'92t sure what to make of this. It was easy to be taken in by Dr. Allen\'92s unassuming, grandfatherly appearance, and the smell of freshly baking bread, but Annabel had long ago learned that appearances weren\'92t everything.\
\'93The truth is that The Resurrectionists are not a scientific society,\'94 said Dr. Allen. \'93They\'92re a cult.\'94\
Dr. Simms opened his mouth to protest, but Allen cut him off.\
\'93They keep me down here, provide me with all the comforts of a home, not to protect me as Dr. Simms might have you believe, but to shut me up.\'94\
\'93But,\'94 Mr. O began.\
His tea was getting cold, as was Annabel\'92s, but he seemed hardly to have noticed that he\'92d been holding his cup in his hand without drinking a sip all this time.\
\'93My parents. You expect me to believe that they were complicit in all of this? In this cult? That they built this underground facility to protect a murderer and his followers?\'94\
Dr. Allen shook his head.\
\'93No, Jonathan,\'94 he said. \'93Your father had this complex constructed for an entirely different reason. Originally, it served as a headquarters from which to fight back against the threat of the infected dead. These creatures, unbeknownst to the general populace, have been running amok in this city for many years. Your father was the founder of an underground society that hunted them in secret.\'94\
\'93My father secretly hunted zombies?\'94 Jonathan scoffed.\
Annabel exchanged a look with Jonathan.\
\'93Ever since you were a young boy,\'94 said Dr. Allen, grasping Jonathan\'92s use of the word 
\i zombies
\i0 .\
After another fit of coughing, his servant offered him the mask again. This time he accepted the offer, and fit the mask over his mouth and nose. He breathed sharply, and there was a strange sound of air puffing into the mask, and the hiss of oxygen pumping through the tubes. After a pause, he continued, returning the mask to his manservant.\
\'93It is only due to your father\'92s efforts that incidents have been few and far between, and that the contagion has remained more or less contained. It was only after your father\'92s recent death that the Resurrectionists managed to take control of the facility for their own purposes.\'94\
\'93What purposes?\'94 asked Annabel.\
\'93What about my mother?\'94 Mr. O demanded.\
Allen attempted to address both questions, in turn.\
\'93Your father wanted to stop the spread of the Lazarus Virus, the contagion that causes the dead to rise. Jack wants the opposite. He wants the virus to spread throughout London. As does your mother.\'94\
\'93Bullshit,\'94 Mr. O argued, setting his cup of tea back down upon the side table. \'93No, she wouldn\'92t do that.\'94\
Annabel let her eyes wander from Dr. Allen to Mr. O. She considered, not for the first time, the theory that Mrs. Grimmer was infiltrating the Resurrectionists from the inside. If she were in Mrs. Grimmer\'92s position, she would not have trusted Dr. Allen with her secret, so she decided not to contradict him, even if for Mr. O\'92s benefit.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 said Dr. Allen. \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7A6556A3-41DC-4CAC-B519-FA3C44E4983C"}}{\fldrslt But Mrs. Grimmer is every bit as invested in Jack\'92s vision of as Jack himself.}} You asked me why I don\'92t stop Jack? I told you that I can\'92t. Not from in here, not in my condition. Not without your help.\'94\
Annabel nodded. She stole a glance at Mr. O, who looked uncertain. Not that she blamed him, given what they had been led to believe about Dr. Allen. She had her own doubts as well, but there was a ring of truth to what he said.\
And much as she would like to deny Jack\'92s involvement, the truth was that she 
\i did
\i0  know what Jack had been studying. There was a connection she\'92d been trying to make, a thought nagging at the back of her mind. The voice of the Resurrectionist who\'92d robbed her of the prize taken from Lord Connor\'92s safe. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://973EF15B-A3AD-4123-81CD-1FECBDF9EC66"}}{\fldrslt She\'92d thought he\'92d sounded familiar.}} Suddenly she made the connection. It was Jack.\
He was the bastard that hired her to rob Lord Connor, the son-of-a-bitch who had robbed her in turn, the villain who had spread Lazarus at the masquerade, the murderer who had taken Bertrand Melbourne\'92s life and taunted her with Poe. 
\i Chilling and killing my Annabel Lee. 
\i0 He\'92d made it look like Dr. Allen\'92s work in order to throw the police off the trail, and he\'92d gotten rid of another enemy in the process; Parson Sinews, the man who\'92d formed the Vigilance Committee formed to catch the Resurrectionists, had been arrested for Dr. Allen\'92s crimes. There was no doubt that this had been part of Jack\'92s plan.\
Jack had to be stopped, even if that meant listening to Dr. Allen. It didn\'92t mean that she trusted him. Only that she believed at least some of what he\'92d told her.\
\'93How do we help?\'94 she asked.\
Dr. Allen\'92s eyes crinkled with a smile.\
\'93I\'92m not sure,\'94 he admitted. \'93To be entirely honest, I\'92m a bit cut off from the Resurrectionists\'92 activities. They consult me, from time to time, for my scientific knowledge. But there are only two people who have 
\i all 
\i0 the details for the Dead London Project. The first is Jack. The other is Mrs. Grimmer.\'94\
Mr. O\'92s hands clenched into a fist, but he kept his mouth shut.\
\'93My ears must have been ringing. I thought I heard you talking about me, Dr. Allen. Oh, hello Jonathan. Dr. Simms. And who\'92s this young lady?\'94\
Annabel swung around. She hadn\'92t heard the door swing open, but she recognised the voice. It was the voice she\'92d heard earlier, when she and Mr. O were hiding in the supply closet. Mrs. Grimmer herself.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi366\qj
\cf0 She was an imposing figure. While Mr. O was small of frame but with an athletic build, his mother was impressively tall, especially for a lady. She smelt of perfume, and was dressed expensively, her greying hair pulled back neatly, beneath a wide-brimmed, lace-trimmed hat. There was a swish of fabric and the jangle of jewelry as Mrs. Grimmer let the door shut and marched into the room.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'93Miss Monday, I presume?\'94\
Dr. Allen ignored the intrusion, and hurriedly finished his thought. \'93I don\'92t know what you can do to stop them. But if you want my advice, just keep digging.\'94\
Mrs. Grimmer took a seat in the remaining armchair, her wrath simmering just beneath the surface. Mr. O had an expression of shock written on his face. Annabel almost felt bad for him. She couldn\'92t have imagined what it would be like to learn that your mother was, well, evil.\
If the woman really wasn\'92t a Resurrectionist, she was doing a damn good job of hiding that fact.\
\'93Speak of the devil,\'94 said Annabel.}