{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Are you joining us for tea, mother?\'94 Jonathan sneered.\
His shock had turned into something else. Barely controlled rage. He knew what Dr. Allen had been about to tell him. He wasn\'92t an idiot. His mother\'92s goals aligned with Jack\'92s, not his father\'92s. His father, this facility, these were the only things standing in the way.\
\'93What did you do to him?\'94 he demanded, his voice cracking.\
\'93You always were a disobedient brat,\'94 Mrs. Grimmer spat, \'93Always sticking your nose where it didn\'92t belong. And do you know what, all this time I\'92ve only ever tried to protect you.\'94\
\'93What\'85\'94 Jonathan snapped. He could feel tears welling up in his eyes. \'93\'85did you do to my father?\'94\
The sound of shattering china accentuated the question. Cold tea spilled on the floor, causing Dr. Simms to jump out of his seat.\
\'93Your father lacked vision,\'94 she said coldly. \'93He was getting in the way of our plans. I told Jack where to find him, and Jack killed him.\'94\
Jonathan felt hot tears welling up in the corner of his eyes, but he blinked them back. He wouldn\'92t give her that. Wouldn\'92t let her see how much she\'92d wounded him. It felt like a knife to the heart.\
The door to Dr. Allen\'92s little underground house swung open again, admitting an entourage of Resurrectionists, each of them clad in the leather crow-like plague masks that Jonathan had already become so familiar with. They halted beside Mrs. Grimmer, awaiting instructions. After a nod from her, Jonathan heard this hiss of air and felt something, a mosquito perhaps, stinging his neck. He felt suddenly very tired.\
\'93Take her to the holding cells for now,\'94 he heard his mother say, as he began to lose consciousness. \'93Eventually she\'92ll need to be transported to Chateau d\'92If, along with the other prisoner, but for now, I believe Dr. Simms will want to study her reaction to Lazarus.\'94\
\'93Quite right,\'94 he heard a man\'92s reply.\
The words sounded slow and sluggish to his ears, and his vision was becoming hazy. He could see Miss Monday, her one eye looking straight at him without focus. There was something sticking out of her neck. A dart, it looked like.\
\'93As for Jonathan\'85\'94 he heard.\
Then, nothing.}