{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://EAB2ACA7-5A39-44EA-8AF0-EBD49D09EEAD"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick and Bailey had been up late, playing chess. The dog had won, but Roderick did not let that bother him. His mind hadn\'92t really been in it, and in his defense he\'92d been making Bailey\'92s moves for him. The game was mostly meant as a way to clear his head.}}
\f0\fs28 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7DC7C45A-0DBC-40F0-9657-61E299CD5B5C"}}{\fldrslt The truth was that although he\'92d put on an impressive display at Lord Connor\'92s manor, he had hardly any better idea of what was going on than did Scotland Yard.}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://87B3FB76-9049-439B-8C29-B3A02A699100"}}{\fldrslt He\'92d told Inspector Taggert his theory. Then he\'92d hailed a hansom cab to take him home for some much needed rest. But sleep hadn\'92t come. He was somewhat of a night owl anyway, and would often stay up well into the morning hours when working a case. He kept running over the events in his head. What if he\'92d done something different, figured it out more quickly? Could he have saved the policemen who\'92d been slain by the risen dead?}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://4467DC01-BB7E-4D18-8F54-965355FD258B"}}{\fldrslt \'93The first of the two men who visited Lord Connor\'92s study was a thief. He entered Connor\'92s study with the intention of robbing the man\'92s safe. However, Connor was infected with that same strange affliction that caused his guests to rise from the dead, and attacked the would-be-thief.\'94\
\'93A struggle took place, but the thief emerged victorious and followed through with his initial plan, breaking into the safe. He left the way he came, making a bit of a scene on his way out. The affliction began to spread. At some point during or shortly after all this, the second man entered Connor\'92s study; his intentions are unclear. Finding Connor already dead, he must have come to the conclusion that to be seen leaving Connor\'92s study would implicate him in the crime. He barred the door and made to flee via the window; his airship was parked outside. The door was broken down, but he had already escaped.\'94\
\'93The affliction, by this point, was already spreading. This seems to have done an effective job of covering the tracks of both of the men involved. Only the one witness, Miss Karnstein, seems to have any information that may be of any use. Furthermore, someone returned 
\i after
\i0  Connor\'92s guests were infected, in order to stage the scene, making it appear to be the work of Dr. Allen.\'94\
\'93But why?\'94 Taggert had wanted to know. \'93Why the coverup?\'94\
\'93I\'92m not sure,\'94 Roderick had admitted. \'93The evidence, that Mr. Sinews was involved in this crime, is circumstantial at best, which suggests that somebody wished to frame him. In other words, staging the scene may have more to do with framing Mr. Sinews than it does with covering up Lord Connor\'92s murder. I\'92ll want to interview Miss Karnstein. I\'92ll also need a list of all the guests who attended Connor\'92s ball.\'94}}\
The detective had nodded, but Roderick was confident that the man\'92s tiny little brain was still slogging its way through the notion of dead men walking, and even Roderick was struggling to piece this mystery together. There were too many variables, too many unknowns. Most of what he\'92d pieced together so far was guesswork.\
\'93I\'92ll also want to speak with Mr. Sinews,\'94 he\'92d told the inspector. \'93I\'92m not remotely convinced of his guilt, but it may be that he has some information on the real culprits. In fact, it seems likely that he would. It would explain why they\'92ve attempted to silence him.\'94\
\'93They?\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B4251ADA-D914-495C-A7AA-463891D2AFF4"}}{\fldrslt \'93It seems likely, doesn\'92t it, Inspector, that this was not the work of one man acting alone?}} Good evening Taggert. It\'92s been a long day. I trust you\'92ll send Scotland Yard\'92s best to tend to the remaining sick. And by 
\i tend to them
\i0 , I do mean 
\i shoot them in the head. 
\i0 Seriously, Inspector, I would not take any chances.\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://AD6DEF12-088A-4B3C-884B-8543DE78B862"}}{\fldrslt At home, Roderick ran his toes through the carpet, swallowed a morsel of hard toffee, and washed it down with a glass of milk. He wiped his mouth and looked down at Bailey, who was looking up at him expectantly.}}\
\'93Very well, Bailey,\'94 he said. \'93A stroll is likely just what I need to clear my head.\'94\
Bailey wagged his tail enthusiastically, and Roderick patted his head affectionately. He pulled on a pair of socks and stuffed his feet into a pair of boots. Then he was out the door, letting his dog lead the way.\
While he walked, his mind was at work. Bailey wandered the sidewalk, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D0EC6589-1D5A-4E4E-B892-2BD7BEDC5BE5"}}{\fldrslt sniffing for squirrels and birds}}, and occasionally stopping to mark his territory, but Roderick paid him no mind.\
He was mentally meandering through Lord Connor\'92s office, taking in the specks of blood on the door, rifling through the sheets of paper on his desk again. There was one page. One page that stood out, different from all the others. He\'92d flipped through the pages too quickly, and had missed it then. How that page had failed to stand out before, he couldn\'92t say; perhaps he\'92d been distracted. Perhaps he was just slipping. Either way, it had entered his subconscious mind, and the page stood out now.\
One single sheet of paper, blank except for a sketch. No, not a sketch. A logo. Quickly flipping through the pages, vainly aiming to make an impression on the handsomely moustachioed policeman and not attentive to the details, he\'92d scarcely glanced at the sketch. For a man who prided himself on his keen intellect, he could be awfully dense at times. But now the image flashed back in his mind. A crow\'92s head.\
\'93The symbol of the Resurrectionists,\'94 he said aloud. \'93Quoth the raven,\'94 he muttered. \'93Nevermore.\'94\
How had he missed such an obvious clue? He\'92d been quick to dismiss the connection to the Resurrectionists; it was obvious that the garish Connor tableau was not the work of Dr. Allen. But that shouldn\'92t mean that the Resurrectionists were entirely uninvolved.\
What did it mean, that Connor had one of their letters on his desk? A blank page with the Resurrectionists\'92s emblem. Could it mean\'85\
Was Lord Connor a Resurrectionist? This certainly changed the focus of Roderick\'92s investigation. Whatever might have been in Connor\'92s safe was likely of importance to the Resurrectionists. Which meant that the thief was most likely a fellow member of that secret club.\
He had to return to the Connor mansion. He needed to see it again. Perhaps with this newfound knowledge he would see something else that he had missed before.\
\'93Bailey,\'94 he called, rounding the corner to change directions. \'93This way.\'94\
Silence greeted him in return. No jangling collar. No scampering feet. No hyperactively sniffing snout. Just the unnerving silence of a London that had gone to sleep. He whirled around, his eyes seeking out any sign of his furry friend. A single flickering gas lamp cast long shadows onto the square brick buildings that lined the road. It was nearly dawn, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://52942198-B752-45A6-8034-EA67BA4F7E69"}}{\fldrslt but the street was still dark.}}\
\'93Bailey,\'94 he called again.\
A layer of fog drifted along the cobblestones. He heard a sound that might have been Bailey\'92s collar and spun in the direction of the sound. He saw only a chain attached to a locked gate, rattling in the wind.\
\'93Bailey, where have you gone, boy?\'94 he called out into the dark.\
He stood, helpless, on the side of the street, his arms wide, imploring, calling Bailey to him.\
Finally, a sound broke through the unnerving silence. The movement of feet. He followed the sound, despite the danger of wandering an alleyway alone, this late at night, in this city. Desperately.\
Throwing caution to the wind, he stepped into the alley, following the footsteps into the darkness. His eyes still adjusting to the gloom, he made his way through the alley almost entirely by sound alone. The footsteps had stopped, but he followed them, until he nearly walked straight into their source.\
A man stood there, still mostly indistinguishable in the darkness. His back was to Roderick, and in this dim light, he was more shadow than man. But perhaps he\'92d seen his dog. Perhaps Bailey had followed his scent in search of a new playmate.\
Speaking of scent, even Roderick could have followed this man\'92s scent. He must have been living in this alleyway; even in the stench of London, the man\'92s smell was potent. He smelled sickly. Like walking death.\
Roderick felt a knot beginning to form in the pit of his stomach. An unsettling chill that came not from the night\'92s cold breeze, but from a creeping suspicion.\
\'93Sir,\'94 he said, desperation overcoming his fear. \'93My dog,\'94 he pleaded. \'93Have you seen my dog? He must have come this way.\'94\
The man didn\'92t turn. Not right away. Just kept on chewing. Yes, he was eating something. Chewing noisily. The scent of fresh meat penetrated even the homeless man\'92s own sour stench of sweat and rot.\
\'93Please,\'94 said Roderick. \'93My dog\'85\'94\
Finally, the man turned.\
Roderick recoiled. His face. It was covered in blood and meat. He could see that, even in the darkness. Blood and meat. His teeth, glistening, red, chunks of meat between his teeth. Chewing noisily upon gristle and flesh. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2020928D-4E37-4EFF-BACC-81D6D552F215"}}{\fldrslt In his hands, a ravaged handful of meat and wet fur.}}}