{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 It took a few moments, despite the familiarity of his surroundings, for Jonathan to figure out where the hell he was. It was an experience he was familiar with, waking up in his own bed with no recollection of how he\'92d gotten there, but on this particular occasion there was no smell of alcohol on his breath. He certainly had the headache and foggy memory he associated with a hangover, but he also had a stinging sensation in his neck, and a niggling sensation that his life was in danger.\
As the fog cleared from his mind, he remembered everything with a jolt that sent him practically jumping out of bed. He was a fugitive from the police and his own mother was harbouring a literally underground criminal organization whose nefarious activities included bringing the dead back to life. He suddenly wished it 
\i was
\i0  just a hangover.\
Upon getting out of bed, Jonathan found that he\'92d been dragged into bed practically naked, as he was wearing only trousers and an undershirt. He thought to summon his butler, but thought better of it. He would simply have to manage to dress himself. Then he would make his escape. He wondered if his own home was now guarded by Resurrectionists, but he pushed aside the thought.\
He made his way to the wardrobe and managed without too much difficulty to put on his own clothes, though he was forced to forgo the luxury of cufflinks and his cravat was tied somewhat messily. Still, looking in the mirror, he was pleased enough with the result, and he half wondered why anyone bothered with manservants at all.\
The lingering fatigue of the dart\'92s toxins continued to slow both his movements and his thoughts, but he was conscious enough to look for a weapon of some sort. His handgun wasn\'92t where he would normally have kept it, but he did find his old jack knife on his nightstand. He stuck this into his waistcoat pocket.\
He turned to the window. If only he had his airship parked outside again. His bedroom was on the upper story of the Grimmer household, and it was a long way down.\
So, his egress would have to be found elsewhere. He turned to the bedroom door. What awaited on the other side, he couldn\'92t guess. A dozen Resurrectionists? His mother? Or merely his butler? He hated to take his chances, but he creaked open the door and peered into the hall. To his profound relief, the hallway was empty.\
He crept into the hall, the wooden floorboards groaning in protest beneath every footstep. He cursed the old house silently as another wave of fatigue rushed over him, and he had to lean against the wall for support. What the hell had that dart been laced with? The nausea passed, and he continued to tiptoe loudly down the hall, cringing with every creaking floorboard.\
The stairs protested with even greater volume as he crept downstairs. Sod it all, he thought, and broke into a run. If they hadn\'92t heard him by now, they must have been deaf. He tore down the spiral staircase until he reached the main floor and found himself face to face with his butler.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said.\
Manfred McCall had been the Grimmer family butler for as long as Jonathan could remember. He had one of those ageless faces, insofar as he had always appeared old and continued to do so. His fair red hair had been prematurely white, his face clean-shaven and lined with wrinkles, since Jonathan was a young boy. He was Irish, but otherwise unflappably respectable.\
\'93Are you with them?\'94 Jonathan demanded.\
\'93With whom?\'94\
\'93The Resurrectionists, of course,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93My mother.\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the butler.\
Jonathan drew his knife.\
\'93Out of my way, Manfred,\'94 he warned.\
The butler put his hands up cautiously.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer, please calm yourself. You don\'92t understand,\'94 he protested. \'93If you would just listen, for a moment, Mrs. Grimmer has instructed me to explain everything.\'94\
\'93She betrayed me, Manfred!\'94 Jonathan argued. \'93My own mother!\'94\
The butler let out a weary sigh.\
\'93Look, can you please just put the knife down first? Sir? I promised I would explain, and I will, but I would prefer to do so without being at knifepoint.\'94\
Jonathan shook his head. \'93I will do no such thing. You will simply have to put up with it or allow me to leave.\'94\
\'93Very well,\'94 said the butler, resigned to conversing at knifepoint.\
\'93Your mother didn\'92t betray you,\'94 he began. \'93She remains loyal to your father\'92s cause.\'94\
\'93Is that why she poisoned me?\'94 Jonathan demanded, brandishing the knife wildly.\
\'93Yes,\'94 Manfred told him, simply. \'93She couldn\'92t let you in on the truth without blowing her cover. She poisoned you, yes. An unfortunate necessity, but the poison was not deadly. Mr. Grimmer, your mother has been seeking a way to dismantle the Resurrectionists from the inside. They believe she is loyal to their cause. It would have ruined everything she had worked for if her cover had been blown. The Resurrectionists are too dangerous to confront directly. She saw espionage as the best opportunity to disrupt their operations.\'94\
Jonathan laughed.\
\'93A fine job she\'92s doing of it,\'94 he said. \'93She has allowed them to operate right under her nose, given them access to my father\'92s secret facilities and research laboratories, all so that, what, she could monitor their activities and do nothing to stop them? You do realise they recently infected 
\i hundreds
\i0  with the Lazarus Virus, don\'92t you?\'94\
His butler shrugged heavily. Evidently this was not going as well as he\'92d hoped. Well, Jonathan was a journalist; he sought truth and exposed lies and hypocrisy. He would not be so easily duped.\
\'93Things have gotten out of control.\'94\
\'93Oh, do you think so?\'94 he said sarcastically.\
This conversation was taking too long. He looked around cautiously. Perhaps he was just being paranoid, but he still expected other Resurrectionists to show up at any time. He wanted to wrap this up and get out of here, but there was a part of him that wanted to hear what Manfred had to say.\
\'93There was nothing she could have done to stop them. You\'92ve seen for yourself how dangerous these people are, and she has precious few allies. She needs your help, Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
\'93Oh, that\'92s rich!\'94 Jonathan scoffed. \'93Shoots me with a poisoned dart and hauls me off unconscious\'97without a word of explanation, mind you\'97and yet she wants my
\i  
\i0 help?\'94\
\'93Be reasonable, sir. This is your mother we\'92re talking about. Please, won\'92t you put down that ridiculous knife?\'94\
\'93Alright,\'94 said Jonathan, though he ignored that last request. \'93I\'92ll humour you. What does she want me to do?\'94\
\'93Better I show you than explain,\'94 Manfred replied. \'93Shall we step outside?\'94\
\'93Lead the way,\'94 said Jonathan, still waving about the pocket knife like a lunatic.\
The butler took him outside, using the back door, which led into the garden. Jonathan followed, still constantly checking over his shoulder from concern that he would be jumped at any moment by men in crow-faced masks or shot in the neck with another dart.\
As they stepped outside it became immediately apparent what the manservant wanted to show him. The Grimmer Company\'92s airship was parked outside, tethered to a post that had been mounted in the garden specifically for that purpose. But the airship was almost unrecognisable as the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 , as it had been entirely made over while he\'92d been below ground.\
He looked at it in wonder. It really was like a whole new airship.}