{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Both of Annabel\'92s eyes were working. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A9284B57-24A4-4287-AEE4-BE8C5FFE4CBF"}}{\fldrslt She\'92d half expected to have had her prosthesis removed by her captors, so it came as a profound relief, upon waking, that her vision was still entirely intact.}} She unstrapped the device, took the key from around her neck, and used it to wind up the mechanical eye. Before replacing it in its socket, she flipped open the hidden compartment. She had to suppress a grin. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8D87C10F-505C-40CF-B881-17A0D4922D84"}}{\fldrslt The poison dart was still there.}}\
So, an eye for an eye, she thought. She\'92d put a dart in Mrs. Grimmer\'92s neck as soon as she had a chance, see how the bitch liked it. She had to wonder, though. Jonathan had said that Mrs. Grimmer was working against the Resurrectionists from the inside. It was still possible that she was on their side. Still, she had no idea how far Mrs. Grimmer would go to maintain her cover. Surely she\'92d protect her son, but Annabel doubted the same courtesy would be extended to her.\
She flipped the compartment shut and clicked her eye back in place with a click and a pneumatic hiss. There was an uncomfortable pressure in her skull as she fit the device into its socket, but she\'92d grown used to that over the years. As used to it as one could get anyway. She felt naked without the eye strapped in. Quickly, she fastened the straps, and experimentally rotated the lens.\
She jumped back. There was someone in the cell next to her. A dark, shadowy figure in the blackness of the holding cell. He was watching her intently. Annabel shrunk away, squinting with her mechanical eye until it changed focus to reveal the man more clearly. She reached up and adjusted a dial. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C151D7EE-9A31-4BD4-AB3D-72991755336E"}}{\fldrslt There was a hiss of gas}}, and the device began to emit a light. She turned another knob, which allowed her to see more sharply in the dim lighting. As she turned the wheel, she could finally see him clearly.\
He was astonishingly handsome, an unsettling smile upon his lips. A sardonic expression on his unblemished, youthful face. A piercing gaze in his eyes. His eyes looked bright yellow, but it might have been a trick of the light or a deficiency with her prosthesis.\
\'93Sorry if I startled you,\'94 he said.\
\'93Not at all,\'94 Annabel lied. She got to her feet and moved over to get a better look at him. Easier than squinting through her prosthetic eye.\
\'93What is this place?\'94 he asked.\
She shook her head. She\'92d been hoping he could tell her.\
\'93Resurrectionist holding cell, I believe,\'94 she said.\
She remembered the events before losing consciousness, remembered the conversation that took place as she stared off into space and into Mr. O\'92s eyes, but the details were hazy.\
\'93They mentioned another prisoner,\'94 she said. \'93They said they were going to send us to Chateau d\'92If.\'94\
\'93A code name for a prison, I imagine\'94 he told her. The man possessed Annabel\'92s own ability to appear remarkably calm despite the duress of an unusual situation. She wondered if he 
\i felt
\i0  as apprehensive as she did, in spite of his cool demeanour.\
\'93Chateau d\'92If is the name of a fortress in the Mediterranean Sea, near the Old Port of Marseille, which later became a prison. It was used in Alexandre Dumas\'92 novel, The Count of Monte Cristo, as the apparently inescapable secret prison from which Edmond Dantes eventually escapes. Unless we\'92re being escorted there in reality, which I doubt, I\'92d wager that Chateau d\'92If is being used as a code name for some other prison.\'94\
His eyes never left her as he spoke.\
\'93What do you know of these Resurrectionists?\'94 he asked, suddenly changing the subject.\
\'93I\'92m not sure I want to tell you,\'94 she said, equally cold. \'93Who are you? What do they want with you?\'94\
He edged closer to the end of his cell, and put his hands on the bars. The yellow glow in his eyes was even more pronounced with him standing close enough to touch her.\
\'93I\'92m a hobbyist,\'94 he said.\
\'93A hobbyist?\'94 she repeated dully. \'93Of what sort?\'94\
\'93I follow the careers of dangerous criminals, collect broadsides and memorabilia, and visit the sites of their crimes.\'94\
\'93An odd hobby.\'94\
\'93But a popular one, believe it or not,\'94 he countered. He placed his head against the bars. It seemed an effort to get closer to her. She took a cautious step backwards, and he grinned.\
\'93I\'92m also the founder of a Vigilance Committee,\'94 he said, \'93Which may be why they\'92ve brought me here. I must have uncovered something, some secret of theirs that they didn\'92t like me knowing.\'94\
\'93You\'92re Parson Sinews,\'94 Annabel said with surprise.\
\'93You\'92ve heard of me?\'94\
He laughed. It was a cold sound, without mirth, and it unsettled her.\
Mr. O had said that he\'92d seen Mr. Sinews being placed under arrest by the police. Why then, was he in the Resurrectionists\'92 facility, and not in a regular prison? There were two possibilities that Annabel could think of. First, the Resurrectionists had impersonated the police in order to spirit him away. Second, there were Resurrectionists within Scotland Yard\'92s ranks.\
\'93We share a mutual acquaintance,\'94 she said. \'93Mr. O.\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 he said with a smile. \'93The young Jonathan Grimmer.\'94\
\'93Does 
\i everyone
\i0  know poor Mr. Grimmer\'92s identity?\'94 said Annabel. \'93Alas, I don\'92t believe Mr. Grimmer is well suited for the cloak and dagger.\'94\
\'93No indeed,\'94 Mr. Sinews agreed. \'93Then again, it seems that you and I are not as adept at the clandestine as we\'92d like to think either, given our current circumstances. Nevertheless, the three of us are wrapped up in this whether we like it or not.\'94\
\'93And 
\i do
\i0  you like it?\'94 Annabel wanted to know.\
She hadn\'92t really trusted Mr. O, but she\'92d liked the man well enough. She trusted Mr. Sinews even less, and she didn\'92t think she particularly liked him either. But she was trapped in a cell, and he was interesting if not likeable. And somehow, despite his imprisonment, he seemed to be enjoying himself.\
\'93In this cage? No, I\'92m afraid I\'92m not enjoying myself much any longer. That said, it is a pleasant surprise meeting you here. I never thought I\'92d have the opportunity to thank you in person. The Rembrandt is exquisite. I\'92ve set it on the wall in my sitting room, adjacent to the fireplace.\'94\
It took some amount of effort for Annabel to keep a neutral expression. She remembered that particular heist well enough. As was her usual method, she\'92d made the arrangements through third parties, keeping the identity of her {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3DDAF24F-CFD0-458B-923A-E59B306112B2"}}{\fldrslt clients}} and her own name anonymous. She never met her clients personally, never learned their names. Using the alias Monday was a failsafe. She was a ghost. She should be untraceable. And she hadn\'92t introduced herself to Mr. Sinews. Seeing that he\'92d deduced it meant that either he was particularly clever or that her cover had again been blown by one of her sources. Until recently, she would have considered the latter impossible. Now, she was not so sure.\
\'93I\'92m glad to hear that, Mr. Sinews, but let\'92s keep the conversation to the Resurrectionists,\'94 she said.\
She wanted to say more, but she bit her lip. Sinews smiled that infuriating smile of his and shrunk back from the bars of his cell, and took a seat on the cot.\
\'93Very well,\'94 he said, threading his fingers together on his lap. \'93What have you and our boy detective learned about them? I imagine he\'92s already told you about my theories?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Annabel told him. \'93In fact, Mr. Grimmer and I had an opportunity to interview Dr. Allen. As it turns out, you were right, at least to some extent. Dr. Allen committed his crimes under the influence of a behavioural modification serum that had apparently gone wrong. Dr. Allen is no longer suffering the effects of the serum; he\'92s no longer a threat.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj
\cf0 Parson barely blinked at the revelation. But he was no longer smiling.\
\'93Jack,\'94 she said. \'93Jack is the real threat.\'94\
\'93Jack who?\'94\
\'93Bernhardt,\'94 she said, though neither Dr. Simms nor Dr. Allen had provided a surname. \'93Otherwise known as Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
\'93I\'92ve never heard of him.\'94\
\'93Few have,\'94 Annabel replied. But if he was expecting her to tell him, he was to be disappointed. She changed the subject. \'93What do you know of the Lazarus Virus?\'94\
\'93Once again, Miss Monday, you have me at a disadvantage.\'94\
The name was used as a dig, a reminder that while Annabel knew about Anthony and the Lazarus Virus, 
\i he 
\i0 knew about 
\i her
\i0 . She was tempted not to save her poisoned dart for Mrs. Grimmer\'92s throat. But she kept her anger in check. At least he didn\'92t know her as Annabel.\
So she gave him a quick explanation of the virus, based on what Dr. Simms had told her about it and the creature she\'92d seen floating in the tank. She told him how the serum had apparently been used to influence the behaviour of Jack\'92s fellow Resurrectionists. She told him about Mrs. Grimmer, who was, according to Dr. Allen, 
\i not
\i0  under the influence of the neurotoxin. She decided not to tell him that there was a possibility that Mrs. Grimmer was actually on their side.\
\'93Well, at least one of my theories holds true,\'94 he said when she\'92d finished explaining. \'93I did predict the behaviour-altering drugs. But I believed that it was Dr. Allen who\'92d invented the serum. He was conducting research on the zombies of Haiti. I believed that\'92s where he discovered the possibilities of that concoction.\'94\
\'93That was Jack,\'94 Annabel told him.\
Sinews frowned.\
\'93I disagree,\'94 he said stubbornly, but he offered no explanation. Then his attention turned elsewhere. \'93Quiet, someone\'92s coming.\'94\
Annabel nodded. Without a word, she collapsed on the floor, where she lay motionless. A moment later, someone rounded the corner. An unfamiliar voice, two sets of footsteps.\
\'93This is the prisoner?\'94\
\'93That\'92s her.\'94 The second voice belonged to Dr. Simms.\
\'93Good, she\'92s still unconscious. Should be easy enough to get a sample.\'94\
Annabel heard the sound of a key being pushed into a lock, a sound with which she was intimately familiar. The lock clicked, and the door opened.\
\'93Be careful,\'94 said Dr. Simms. \'93She may not be unconscious; she may be dead. Which means she could wake up at any moment, infected with Lazarus, if she\'92s not immune.\'94\
Annabel kept her eyes shut, and listened as the footsteps crossed the room. She felt the man leaning over her, endured his hands on her side as he reached down and pricked her neck with the needle of the syringe. She waited a moment while he extracted her blood.\
When he pulled the needle out, she attacked, startling him with a head-butt, breaking his nose. She blinked forcefully with her mechanical eye, and the dart shot out. Only a moment later, he slumped forward, dropping the blood-filled syringe to the floor.\
She squirmed her way out from beneath his unconscious body, picked up the syringe, and scurried out of her cell, going straight for Dr. Simms. The man yelped and turned to flee, but Annabel was much quicker. She seized him by the throat and thrust the syringe into his neck. Suddenly he became very still.\
\'93So, you want my blood, do you?\'94\
\'93No,\'94 he whimpered. \'93No, please no. You could be infected.\'94\
\'93Explain.\'94\
\'93At Lord Connor\'92s masquerade, you were exposed to the Lazarus Virus as it was spread in vapour form.\'94\
\'93The perfume?\'94 she asked.\
He whimpered a 
\i yes
\i0  and continued to explain.\
\'93We weren\'92t entirely certain of your exposure to the airborne contagion, which was why the dart that rendered you unconscious was contaminated by the virus.\'94\
\'93So,\'94 she replied, somehow managing to remain calm. \'93My blood is infected with the Lazarus Virus? In that case, if you know what\'92s good for you, you\'92ll tell me what I want to know.\'94\
From his cell, Parson Sinews quietly applauded.\
\'93Bravo, Miss Monday.\'94 he said. \'93I find I am enjoying myself after all.\'94\
Annabel shared a look with him. Perhaps he was not so unlikeable as she\'92d first thought.\
\'93Behind you!\'94\
She was already on it. Without turning away or letting go of the scientist\'92s neck, she pivoted, raised her arm, and took hold of a man\'92s wrist. She bent her knees and using his momentum against him, flipped the man over her back. He was surprisingly heavy. The only thing that allowed her to manage the feat was his own momentum. She sent him sprawling, grunting with the effort as her corset dug into her chest and her skirt suffered an indecorous tear.\
She heard him hit the ground hard, the wind knocked out of him, and turned to look at him. He was a giant, nearly eight feet tall by Annabel\'92s estimation. He began struggling to get up, but he was having difficulty. She might have broken one of his bones.\
\'93Oops,\'94 said Annabel, smiling wickedly.\
\'93What?\'94 said Dr. Simms, turning pale. \'93What is it?\'94\
Sinews began to laugh. Either he\'92d guessed or he\'92d seen what had happened. He covered his mouth with his hand in an effort to disguise his joy.\
\'93Splendid,\'94 he cried.\
\'93What?\'94 Dr. Simms said again.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://4D202FB0-9C91-4F35-A00C-655C80728FFF"}}{\fldrslt \'93It seems I\'92ve given you an injection of my own blood, doctor. An excellent research opportunity, I have no doubt.\'94}}\
At that, the doctor became hysterical.\
\'93You bitch!\'94 he shouted, repeating it again at a greater volume, jerking wildly in her grasp in a vain attempt to hit her. He was going to rouse the entire compound with his fit of verbigeration. She did the only thing she could think of.\
She hit him. Hard.\
He collapsed to the floor, unconscious. Meanwhile, the giant had managed to get to his feet. His height was even more impressive when he was standing upright, his head practically scraping the ceiling. Like so many of his comrades, he wore the black, leather plague mask. On him, it was even more intimidating. \
She raised her fists and prepared for the fight.\
He moved slowly, grasping at her head with his giant mitts. She ducked to evade him, but underestimated his reach. He seized her by the head with one hand and squeezed. She felt like her head was going to explode.\
Gasping in pain, she tried to hit him, but he was holding her at a distance, so she couldn\'92t reach him. She might have tried kicking him, but with her corset, she lacked the range of motion.\
She blinked the pain away, grabbed him by the wrist, and twisted. The trick was to use his weight against him. All she needed was leverage, and -\
He cried out in pain, twisting as she bent his arm.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FF59EE0D-4B25-4D55-9AC2-2EB4526ABE14"}}{\fldrslt \
\
\
}}Instead, he turned away and began hobbling down the hallway. No doubt he intended to sound the alarm. Annabel took off at a run.\
She had nearly caught him when he darted through a doorway. The door slammed, and when she tried for the handle it was already locked. Mere moments passed before the alarm began to sound, a horridly loud klaxon sound that resonated throughout the compound.\
She doubled back. She needed to get back to the elevator, but she hadn\'92t crossed this part of the compound on her way in.\
\'93How do I get out of here?\'94 she hissed at Mr. Sinews when she arrived back at his cell.\
\'93I\'92ll get you out,\'94 he said, \'93But first you\'92ll need to get 
\i me
\i0  out.\'94\
She nodded quickly. There was little time to argue with him. She\'92d spent her last dart, was unarmed, and who knew how many worked in this facility and what sort of security they had? She stepped back into her own cell, reached for the keys the unconscious scientist had dropped, and found them a moment later. A surprisingly difficult task, given the wardrobe requirements of her sex, but she managed it quickly enough.\
She tried the keys in Mr. Sinews\'92 cell door. The first one failed to open it. She tried the next. When it too failed, she slid it along the key ring and tried the next one in line. Again, the lock refused to open. She spared a glance down the hallway. Still vacant, but surely she didn\'92t have much time. The alarm was unbearably loud. It had to be a matter of seconds before they converged upon her.\
The lock refused to turn. One key after another until her attempts became more clumsy as she frantically eliminated each one.\
\'93Try the next one,\'94 Mr. Sinews urged.\
She did so, and the key failed. Last one; if this one failed, she would have to make a choice. Either leave him here and navigate the complex alone and badly outnumbered, or attempt to pick the lock without her proper tools and risk being caught. \
She slid the key into the lock and without hesitation, turned it. The lock didn\'92t budge. She banged against the cell door in frustration.\
\'93It\'92s no use,\'94 she told him, \'93I\'92ve tried them all. I\'92m sorry.\'94\
Mr. Sinews\'92 face became cold with rage, though Annabel could see that it was not directed at her. The swagger he seemed to possess, the nonchalance and sardonic smile melted into a sneer.\
\'93Do me one last favour then,\'94 he said, locking eyes with her and forcing a smile.\
His eyes, they were so pale. A light shade of yellow that suddenly seemed, well, inhuman for lack of a better word. There was no time for this, she thought dully, but she found herself nodding.\
\'93Anything,\'94 she said dreamily.\
\'93Draw back your sleeve,\'94 he said.\
It was strange. She wasn\'92t even sure his mouth had moved. His voice simply seemed to be inside her head. Ordinarily she would have gasped at the scandalous request, but now she complied, drawing back the fabric of her left sleeve to reveal her bare skin. She found that she was trembling. The klaxon sound of the alarm was drowned out by the palpitations of her heart.\
He reached a hand through the bars of his cell door, took hold of her wrist, causing her to flush. He drew her arm inside his cell, bent his lips over her wrist, and bit into her arm.\
She cried out, but it wasn\'92t entirely painful, and it wasn\'92t a cry of protest. It was startlingly pleasurable, even when his teeth broke the skin and her blood burst into his mouth. She felt her knees becoming weak as he drank, and though she was scandalized by his actions, she found that she was incapable of objecting.\
Evidently Mr. Sinews was even more dangerous than she\'92d given him credit for, even in his imprisoned state.\
\'93You\'92re not one of them, are you?\'94 she said. \'93A zombie, I mean.\'94\
He shook his head and licked the blood from his lips.\
\'93Then you really 
\i are
\i0  a vampire,\'94 she whispered, still a bit delirious.\
She stifled a giggle. Who would have thought her blood would be in such high demand?\
\'93Just because I drink blood and daylight burns my skin doesn\'92t mean I\'92m a vampire.\'94\
His mouth was still smeared with blood, and the smile was back on his face. He appeared flushed, and there was something different about his eyes. They were blue now, bright and vibrant.\
\'93What\'92s the difference?\'94 she asked, sobriety gradually returning to her.\
\'93I\'92m not immortal, for one,\'94 he replied, \'93And I certainly can\'92t turn into mist and slip out of my cell.\'94\
She nodded. She was familiar enough with Dracula to grasp his meaning, though she\'92d never actually read it.\
\'93I\'92m not allergic to garlic, either,\'94 he said.\
Well, at least he was back to his sardonic old self.\
\'93Right.\'94 Suddenly she remembered something. \'93Aren\'92t you concerned then? My blood is contaminated.\'94\
He might have answered her, but suddenly she snapped back to reality. She had to flee. She turned away from Mr Sinews only to face another danger. She was practically surrounded by Resurrectionists, each now dressed in the crow-faced plague doctor masks and also outfitted with leather armour. Among them, the giant who\'92d sounded the alarm.\
The man beside him stepped forward, holding off the rest with a gesture. His mask, distinct from the others only in that it was weathered and had obviously been well-worn, was familiar to Annabel. She\'92d seen it at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade, and should have recognised it then.\
\'93Hello Annabel,\'94 he said, his voice muffled but nonetheless familiar.\
It had been familiar when she\'92d heard it at the masquerade, but she\'92d been unable to place the voice. It had been so long since she\'92d heard it, and frankly she hadn\'92t expected to ever see this man again.\
\'93Hello, Jack,\'94 she said. \'93Forgive me. You go by Anthony Tidkins these days, don\'92t you?\'94}