{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The
\i  Dreadful
\i0  was comprised of two parts. The gondola, which somewhat resembled a schooner, but with its sails unfurled beneath it. And the blimp, an enormous oblong shape that floated above the gondola.\
The blimp had a dozen individual ballonets {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6F02D190-4E65-4908-B397-6077143CA498"}}{\fldrslt encased in a long canvas envelope, reinforced with a steel encasement that was grid-like in design. Like an overgrown ornithopter, it had huge leather wings attached to its sides\'97wings that looked like fins. It sported a tail at the rear like that of a whale, and it bore a sail mounted on its spine like a dorsal fin, so that it had the appearance of a flight-capable whale. }}The canvas that covered the ballonets had been painted over, the Grimmer Company\'92s name and logo removed so that only the the name of the ship remained. Written in a bright red font, 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 .\
Affixed to its underbelly were wooden beams and ropes which connected the inflated canvas whale to the ship\'92s gondola, which housed the passengers and crew.\
The gondola had the appearance of a sailing vessel, complete with a steering wheel at its prow, and cannons along the gunwales; the cannons were new additions. Levers and gears, pistons and other mechanisms crisscrossed along the deck of the ship; most of these had been there previously, though Jonathan could scarcely guess at their functions. Meanwhile, there were newly mounted guns practically everywhere aboard the ship, and Jonathan knew exactly how those functioned. The gondola too had been newly painted, in a rich dark brown.\
He had to crane his head to get a good look at the other new additions to the vessel, such was the 
\i Dreadful\'92s
\i0  size.\
Very little of the ship\'92s deck remained unused. Most of its vast space was occupied by the crew cabin, and the engineer\'92s cabin at the rear, both of which were enclosed.\
Tall, wide windows lined the front of the cabin, as well as the bridge. There were portholes along the sides of the ship. The captain\'92s nook, at the helm of the ship, would face the open air, with only a railing along the sides to prevent the captain from falling. Of course, there were ropes that he could use to lash himself into place if flying at full speed. Or, if he preferred, the ship could also be operated almost entirely from within the safety of the ship\'92s bridge. Captain Merrick, however, preferred to fly topside, as Jonathan knew.\
Beneath the ship were three retractable sails, which when used with proper sailing techniques, would provide both lift and power to the ship and carry it to great lengths and heights. The sails, which had formerly been white, had been switched with black sails.\
But the highlight of the dirigible\'92s makeover was that both the gondola and the blimp were plated in armour.\
\'93As you know, the ballonets are filled with hydrogen gas,\'94 Manfred explains, \'93Which keeps it aloft and also maintains the structural integrity of the balloon. Therein lies the danger; hydrogen is of course extremely flammable, hence the armour. Just in case.\'94\
\'93In case of what?\'94 said Jonathan.\
The butler suppressed a frown.\
\'93I can\'92t stress enough just how flammable this gas is. The armour should provide some amount of protection from stray bullets, should you run into any trouble.\'94\
\'93Bullets?\'94 said Jonathan, suddenly alarmed. \'93Why should there be bullets?\'94\
Manfred pursed his lips, apparently while he decided not to answer the question.\
\'93
\i If
\i0  you\'92re taking heavy fire,\'94 he continued, \'93Simply raise the safety shields. They\'92ll slow you down a bit, as the shields do prevent the use of the sails and wings, but I\'92m sure that\'92s preferable to going down in flames. I\'92ve already provided instructions to your crew.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93My crew.\'94\
His attention had been so focused on the ship that he\'92d failed to notice the assembly of crewmen, who stood by the airship, busily performing maintenance on the craft. He recognised Captain Merrick, and the young lad, Kippar Lockwood, whom he\'92d sent to the prison in search of Parson Sinews. Apparently the young man had returned from that duty, and was now immersed in putting the final touches on the 
\i Dreadful\'92s
\i0  renovations.\
\'93To what end has my dirigible been converted into a dreadnaught?\'94 Jonathan asked, his awe giving way to annoyance.\
\'93Your mother thought it would be a wise precaution. The Resurrectionists have an airship of their own.\'94\
He fished a card from one of his pockets, and handed it to Jonathan.\
\'93There will be a briefing, at this location.\'94\
On the card, 
\i The Moirae Tea House 
\i0 was printed in bold. The tea house\'92s address was printed underneath.\
\'93I see,\'94 he said. \'93I have just one question.\'94\
He gestured to the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 .\
\'93Is she ready to fly?\'94\
\'93Yes, sir.\'94}