{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 How long had it been since Annabel had seen Anthony Tidkins? There was still a part of her that wanted to run towards him, even now, and put her arms around him. There was another part of her that wanted to put her arms around his throat. That\'92s family for you though, isn\'92t it, she thought.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 When Annabel first met Anthony Tidkins, she had her hand in his pocket, fishing for change. He wasn\'92t considerably older than she was, perhaps fifteen, sixteen maybe, while she was nearing nine. He was a gentleman, however, and she was an urchin.\
She had been fascinated by him when she first set eyes on him, walking through the streets of London with a parasol above his head. She\'92d never seen a gentleman with a parasol before, that feminine accessory more regularly used by ladies. His was of a distinctly more masculine design, if such a thing were possible, but it wasn\'92t the parasol that gave her pause. It was the paleness of his skin, so white she felt that if she squinted she might actually be able to look through him. His eyes were a soft pink colour, his eyelashes long but white as snow. His hair was that wintry white as well, and his body waif-like, thin. Aside from the parasol, he was dressed to the height of fashion, immaculately dressed in dark but rich tones of grey and blue.\
She followed him, at first out of mere curiosity. Then as she continued to thread her way through the marketplace, following his footsteps, it occurred to her that he must be absurdly wealthy. She, in a plain and tattered skirt, with brown fingerless gloves and hair knotted and messy, had only one thing to keep her from that other, less dignified form of employment that other girls of her social status often turned to. Sticky fingers.\
Now, as the albino stopped to purchase a newspaper, Annabel paid close attention to which pocket housed his coin purse. She followed him a little longer, waiting for the right moment. A horse was milling nearby, its cabriolet parked on the side of the road beside a haberdashery.\
As the albino stopped beside the horse to look at some item on display in the shop window, Annabel settled on her game. The horse dodge. Without warning, she violently slapped his hat, causing it to fall over his eyes. While he was busy reclaiming his vision, Annabel was slipping her little fingers into his pocket. She closed them around the pouch and swiftly lifted it from the albino\'92s pocket.\
The pouch caught on something. A chain dangled between pocket and purse. The chain pulled, and the gentleman extricated his hat from his eyes. But before he could react, Annabel loosened the drawstring on the coin purse, dumped its contents into her hand, and dropped the empty purse. It swung, empty, from its chain.\
Then she was off, dodging beneath the legs of the horse. The game usually went more smoothly than this. Normally she\'92d have ducked behind the horse before the unsuspecting gentleman even had the chance to right his hat upon his head. This time, she was forced to flee, back into the crowd of the marketplace. She dove beneath vendors\'92 carts and weaved through a sea of pedestrian traffic. The chase was her playground, and she\'92d played this game often enough. She always won. The trick was that she was always the first to start running.\
This time was no different, except in one regard; the albino hadn\'92t even bothered to chase after her. He simply smiled as he watched her flee. When Annabel realised that he wasn\'92t about to continue chasing her, she opened her palm in order to check on her prize. Her eyes grew big and bright. Such a score! What she held in her tiny palm was more than a year\'92s salary for a man of modest income.}