{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel raced down the hallway, the Resurrectionist in tow. The others were still banging on the door, demanding that he open it, but he was single-minded in his pursuit of her. It was difficult to run, her skirts trailing heavily behind her, and difficult to breathe, her corset tightly laced. The Resurrectionist was gaining ground.\
Still she ran, her boots thudding hard against the concrete floor of the hall. In the dim lighting, she could see the brass cage of another elevator, not too far ahead. She raced toward it, breathing heavily. She slammed into the gate, unable to slow her momentum, but with barely a pause she threw the door open. She stepped inside and reached to shut the gates.\
Too late. The Resurrectionist\'92s hand barred the gate. Annabel let out a surprised cry. She\'92d thought she\'92d been quick enough. The bastard was strong. She tried to shut the gate, fighting against him as he strained to keep it open. She changed tactics.\
She began to swat at his hand, trying to force him to release his grip. He yelped, but his grip was firm. She grasped his fingers with her own and began to peel them off, one by one.\
\'93Stop!\'94 he protested. \'93Stop it. I\'92m trying to help you.\'94\
She recognised his voice. He had an American accent.\
\'93Like hell,\'94 she said.\
She knew this bastard was in collusion with Mrs. Grimmer. She\'92d heard him talking with her.  She told him what she\'92d heard.\
\'93I can explain,\'94 he said.\
She imagined he could. Not that she was likely to believe his explanation, but she was sure he\'92d have one. But in the distance she heard the door beginning to splinter beneath the efforts of his fellow Resurrectionists, and she knew that she had little choice but to humour him. She was unarmed and he had the advantage if it came to fighting. He was strong and was dressed in a gentleman\'92s attire, much better suited to a physical confrontation.\
She stepped back and allowed him to slide the gate open.\
\'93Off with the mask,\'94 she told him as he stepped into the elevator.\
As she took hold of the lever and started up the ascent, he did as bidden. His hair was damp with sweat, a side effect of wearing a leather mask, but he had a handsome face. A scruffy layer of dark facial hair, brown eyes and a slight scar that ran down his cheek gave him a tough, masculine appearance.\
Well, at least he was easy on the eyes, Annabel thought, even if she couldn\'92t trust him.\
\'93Abraham Palmer,\'94 he said. His American drawl was subtle enough to suggest that he\'92d been in England for quite some time.\
\'93Miss Monday,\'94 she replied, though he obviously knew who she was. She glance upward, but it was impossible to see anything in the darkness of the elevator shaft, and even so her view was blocked by the roof of the cage. \'93Where will we emerge?\'94 she asked.\
The machine rattled noisily upward, but even despite the din of the elevator, they could hear the Resurrectionists breaking into the hallway below. They weren\'92t safe yet. Annabel doubted the floor was thick enough to protect them if the Resurrectionists decided to start shooting at them. And they could always just cut through the cord, and the entire cage would come tumbling down. She silently urged it to climb faster.\
\'93My office,\'94 he said. He ran a hand through his damp hair. \'93Don\'92t worry. They want you alive.\'94\
Annabel wasn\'92t convinced. She looked dubiously at the floor of the cage and listened for the sound of cutting rope. She could hear distant, muffled voices echoing up the shaft. Nothing else, but the ordinary clicking of gears and winding of pulleys.\
\'93Why?\'94 she said, finally.\
\'93At Lord Connor\'92s, you were exposed to the Lazarus Virus, were you not?\'94 Mr. Palmer replied.\
\'93The vial?\'94\
He nodded.\
\'93I think so,\'94 Annabel told him. \'93It smelt of death.\'94\
\'93And then later, you were hit with a dart that was laced with the virus.\'94\
Annabel nodded again. She didn\'92t know what he was getting at. Yes, she had the Lazarus Virus. She didn\'92t know exactly how it worked, or what would happen to her, but she knew that she would soon become one of those hideous living dead creatures, like the unbreathing one in the laboratory. Like Lord Connor, or the man who\'92d fallen from the second story of his mansion.\
\'93You still display no symptoms whatsoever, of the virus.\'94\
She looked at him, suddenly. She remembered the conversation she\'92d overheard, when sneaking about Lord Connor\'92s garden.\
\'93I was given to understand that the\'97what's the phrase?\'97
\i incubation
\i0  
\i time
\i0 \'85?"\
Palmer nodded.\
"I understand the incubation time varies.\'94\
\'93True,\'94 Mr. Palmer agreed. \'93Sometimes it takes minutes, rather than seconds, for the change to occur. An hour or two, at most.\'94\
\'93What? But I\'92ve had it much longer than that.\'94\
\'93The Resurrectionists believe you may possess immunity to the virus,\'94 he said.\
Annabel frowned. She\'92d heard them say something to that effect, but she hadn\'92t had much time to put much thought into what they\'92d meant.\
\'93So, you can rest assured they want you alive,\'94 he told her, \'93If only to confirm your immunity.\'94\
The sound of a bullet interrupted his thoughts and proved him a liar. The bullet ricocheted inside the elevator shaft and struck the floor of the cage. It put a dent in the floor, but didn\'92t penetrate the floor.\
\'93You were saying\'85?\'94 Annabel said.\
\'93Shit,\'94 Abraham swore.\
More bullets joined the first, until the elevator shaft was filled with the banging of gunfire and smell of powder. Like the first, the subsequent bullets at first failed to break through the metal floor of the cage. But as the Resurrectionists continued to fire, Annabel felt a bullet whiz past her face. It struck the ceiling above. She looked at Abraham as if she expected him to do something about it. As if he could.\
\'93Why keep me alive when my blood is enough to test their hypothesis?\'94 she said. \'93Are you armed?\'94\
Another bullet broke through. It wasn\'92t as close as the first, but it was no less unsettling. She looked to Abraham and held out her hand. He surrendered his firearm.\
She aimed the muzzle through the hole in the floor and fired. She heard a cry of alarm from below. Hopefully her bullet had struck home. She fired again, and was answered with another alarmed shout. But the Resurrectionists didn\'92t cease fire. Annabel fired again and again, almost emptying the chamber. She wanted to save at least one bullet, just in case.\
At last, the elevator shuddered to a halt, and Mr. Palmer slid the door open. They practically tumbled out of the elevator. Annabel looked herself over and was relieved to see that while her skirt was ridden with bullet holes, she herself was unscathed. She looked to Abraham, who was clutching his shoulder. There was blood on his hands.}