{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Much as Jonathan disliked air travel, he was glad to be back aboard the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 . After hours spent deep, deep underground, the idea of being out in the open air was more exhilarating than unnerving. Not that he\'92d really be in the open air; to look around the passenger\'92s lounge, one might never know that one was in a dirigible, so long as one did not look out the windows. Of course, if Jonathan 
\i really
\i0  wanted the open air experience, he had only to climb a short set of stairs and step out the hatch, and he\'92d arrive at the prow of the ship, where Captain Merrick stood at the ready.\
The 
\i Dreadful
\i0  was not yet in motion. The crew was busy putting the final touches on the renovations and readying the ship for flight. Jonathan had been assured that it would be a matter of minutes.\
In the meantime, by invitation, two of the crew members had joined him in the passenger\'92s lounge. Manfred had arranged for tea and victuals, which went a long way to earning him a modicum of trust in Jonathan\'92s eyes. He nibbled on a scone and took a sip of tea. It had been a long day and he was still feeling the ill effects of the poisoned dart; the tea was especially comforting, therefore.\
He turned to one of the crewmen.\
\'93Mr. Lockwood,\'94 he said. \'93Your report, if you please.\'94\
The young man took a bite of his scone and chewed enthusiastically. \'93\'92Fraid I\'92ve got nuffin\'92 ter report, guv\'92nor,\'94 he said, talking with his mouth half full. \'93Mr. Sinews weren\'92t at Newgate, and \'91e weren\'92t at none of the other prisons I went ter, neither. Went ter Scotland Yard too, sir. Ye won\'92t believe this\'85\'94\
\'93Try me,\'94 Jonathan replied.\
\'93Well, guv,\'94 he said, leaning forward conspiratorially, \'93Seems the gavvers ain\'92t \'91eard nuffin\'92 \'91bout Dr. Allen\'92s \'91rrest, nor Mr. Sinews\'92 neither. Far as they know, both men \'91re still at large.\'94\
Jonathan sat back in his chair and sipped his tea thoughtfully. \'93Well done, Mr. Lockwood,\'94 he said, though he didn\'92t quite know what to make of all this.\
But it did make it abundantly clear that the Resurrectionists\'92 resources were vast. Either they had planted themselves within Scotland Yard, or they had the power to imitate policemen, even to summon a caravan of Black Marias in order to sell the illusion. In any case, he hadn\'92t the foggiest clue where they\'92d taken Mr. Sinews.\
The man to Lockwood\'92s left was Professor Ashcroft, who was one of the ship\'92s engineers and, like Mr. Lockwood, a former sailor as well, if Jonathan was not mistaken in his recollection of the introductions.\
\'93How soon till we take off?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
Before the man could answer, Manfred cleared his throat.\
\'93You have visitors, sir.\'94\
\'93Who?\'94 he asked.\
Manfred told him. Jonathan nodded.\
\'93Very well. Send them aboard.\'94\
He turned to the crewmen, thanked them for their time, and politely dismissed them.}