{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi358\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Mr. Lockwood joined Professor Ashcroft at the window, and looked out at the fearsome beast, lit only by moon and lamplight. Both men were speechless as they stared in abject terror at the Beast in the darkness. The captain\'92s voice from the exterior of The Penny Dreadful broke the silence. The Agents hurriedly made their way up a short flight of stairs, which opened to the crew cabin, Ashcroft and Lockwood following in their wake. They made their way through the cabin, barely causing the crewmen to turn their heads, busy as they were with their own work.\
Mr. O pushed open the hatch, letting in a powerful gust of air that whistled and howled its way into the cabin.\
\'93Captain Merrick,\'94 said Mr. O, bracing himself against the railing.\
Miss Monday lingered by the door, preferring not to venture past the relative safety of its threshold.\
\'93Good God, man,\'94 said Captain Merrick, \'93I never imagined-\'94\
\'93Nor I,\'94 said Mr. O, though his voice was utterly calm. \'93It is quite unlike any of the specimens I have seen before.\'94\
\'85\
\'93No wonder you wanted me aboard,\'94 Miss Monday said under her breath. Mr. O had to move closer to hear her. \'93This 
\i must
\i0  be connected to Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
Mr. O grimaced. It was the expression she might have expected him to make if he\'92d been caught in a lie. Which meant\'85what? She hadn\'92t the slightest idea.\
\'93I\'92ll explain later,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93At any rate, now is not the time to be worrying about that. To your battle stations, ladies and gentlemen. Let\'92s squash this bug.\'94\
Mr. Palmer had already settled at his station, where a gun had been mounted and a lifetime\'92s supply of ammunition had been loaded. A moment later, he had released the safety, aimed the weapon through its scope, and unloaded a hundred bullets into the abominable cockroach.\
\'93Thank you, Dr. Gatling,\'94 he said, whistling in appreciation of the weapon as the bullets struck the monster's shell.\
The sound of the creature\'92s outrage drowned out his words. Shrill, ear-shatteringly loud, and utterly unnatural.\
But the bullets seemed to bounce off the creature\'92s hard shell, each round as insignificant to the magnificent beast as an ant to a man. All they'd done was alert the bug to their presence. The Beast whipped its frightful head around and looked straight at The Penny Dreadful. Its flight was clumsy, its maneuverability awkward. But that was hardly cause for comfort.\
"I think it sees us," Mr. O remarked.\
It flew toward them.\
\'93Shit!\'94 shouted Mr. Palmer, his eyes widening.\
\'93Evasive manoeuvres, men!\'94 cried Captain Merrick. He shouted into a cone-shaped device, which must have conducted his voice, tinny and distorted, into every section of the ship. \'93Hoist the mizzenmast!\'94\
Miss Monday felt the ship start to ease backward, heard the ship\'92s sail unfurl. Too slow.\
The creature\'92s antenna struck the side of the ship. Its impact shuddered through the craft. Wood shattered into pieces, and the world seemed to turn on its side. The clouds seemed to tip over like clumsy white sheep. Miss Monday grasped a railing and held tight. Her feet lifted off the ground, and her hand slid along the railing. Her grip was tenuous, but with a grunt of effort she managed to swing her other arm around and get a hold of the railing. Finally, the ship righted itself.\
\'93Everyone alright?\'94 she heard the captain\'92s voice.\
\'93Fine,\'94 she replied, though she felt like she might be sick. She hated flying, but she hated showing any sign of weakness while in the company of men even more.\
Keeping a hand on the railing, she took a moment to survey the aftermath of the creature\'92s retaliation. Mr. Palmer was still in his seat, as he\'92d strapped himself in. The captain had likewise latched himself down. But she\'92d lost sight of the creature. It had disappeared in the darkness. She whirled around, looking for it. Then it occurred to her.\
\'93Where is Mr. O?\'94\
There was no time to wonder about that. Somewhere in the darkness, they heard the distinct sound of mechanical whirring. The monster\'92s guns had switched on.\
\'93Get down!\'94 Miss Monday cried.\
They hit the floor. Bullets whizzed by the Captain\'92s head, only narrowly missing him.\
Miss Monday couldn\'92t see if Palmer or Lockwood had taken shelter, and she still couldn\'92t see Mr. O, but she could hear bullets ringing off the dirigible\'92s armour, which suddenly seemed dangerously frail. She knew the armour wouldn\'92t hold out for long. And if the armour that covered the balloons was finally penetrated, the hydrogen-filled ballonets would explode with just the slightest spark, engulfing them in flames.\
\'93Captain!\'94 she cried. \'93The shields!\'94\
He pulled a lever, and a wall of thick plate metal swung up to shield the balloons. Bullets pinged off the metal wall, ricocheting dangerously.\
Miss Monday took the opportunity to load her blunderbuss. The nice thing about a blunderbuss was that you could load it with just about anything. Gravel. Sand. But hers was a modified dragoon, built to accommodate much larger projectiles. When Mr. Palmer looked back at her, he saw her loading it with something that looked suspiciously like a grenade.\
She grinned back at him.\
The sound of cannon fire deafened them both momentarily, but it was a reassuring sound. It meant that Mr. Palmer was operating the cannons.\
Where was Mr. O? Her mind kept returning to that question. She couldn\'92t let it worry her. Whether he\'92d been struck by a stray bullet or plummeted off the edge of the airship, her task was to slay the beast. Take it down before it destroyed the ship. Which at the moment seemed highly likely.}