{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick had decided to stop at home before heading back to Lord Connor\'92s.\
He had dressed more sensibly, in a smart pair of black and red striped trousers, a grey vest and shirt, black cravat, white gloves, and most importantly, his cane. Not merely decorative and stylish, the cane doubled as a weapon. As any sensible gentleman in London knew, the city was a dangerous place to be without that most crucial accessory and a reasonable knowledge of the gentleman\'92s martial art, bartitsu. Roderick, being pragmatic, had also made a study of cannes de combat, and could disarm a vagrant of a knife without so much as sullying his shoes by stepping off the sidewalk. That generally left his would-be robber feeling quite silly for having made the attempt. On the off-chance that a blunt weapon would not suffice, the cane also contained a hidden sword. The curse of the academically minded, of course, was a constantly active mind that often caused him to forget his street smarts and thus he often left the house without his cane. Occasionally, without his shoes. Once, without his pants.\
Not this time.\
This time, Roderick had all his ducks in a row. His shoes upon his feet, his trousers on his legs, his cane in hand, he turned to the door. He had his hand on it when the knock came. For a number of reasons, not least of which being that he had secrets to keep, Roderick did not have any servants, so he answered the door himself. A familiar, young, and attractive man stood in the doorway. Roderick opened his mouth and stammered.\
\'93Roderick,\'94 said the lad.\
\'93Yes,\'94 Roderick confirmed.\
\'93You\'92ve forgotten, again, haven\'92t you?\'94\
At last, Roderick recalled. He could not, for the life of him, remember why it was that he had decided to take up such a ridiculous hobby as painting, but he now remembered that this young man was one of his models. Ah yes, he thought, looking at the dark-haired specimen with approval. That was why.\
\'93My dear boy, of course I haven\'92t forgotten you.\'94 He put a hand on the lad\'92s shoulder, smiling warmly. \'93But I\'92m afraid we\'92ll have to reschedule.\'94\
He looked disappointed. Roderick consoled him with a kiss upon the cheek.\
\'93Cannot be prevented,\'94 he said. \'93My apologies. As you\'92re here, I wonder if you might be amenable to doing me a favour?\'94\
The young man nodded all too eagerly.\
\'93I need a message delivered to Inspector Taggert, with Scotland Yard,\'94 he said. Another nod from the model.\
Roderick took out a piece of paper and a pen, and wrote down the message. He scrawled a quick message, not bothering to go into much detail. He\'92d been thinking, as was often the case, and had come to an unsettling conclusion. He would have to speak with the Inspector directly. But for now this would have to suffice.\
\'93Charles G, ran newspaper, reported on Resurrectionists. Silenced. Lord C, defected Resurrectionist? Infection deliberate, effectively silenced. Parson S, murder hobbyist, took an interest in Resurrectionists. Silenced. Think who else may be a threat to the Resurrectionists. Your life may be in danger. Take care. Roderick.\'94\
He held out the note.\
\'93This is for Inspector Taggert\'92s eyes only, do you understand?\'94 he said, looking the boy in the eyes, only relinquishing the note when the boy confirmed that no one should see the note but Taggert himself. He kissed the boy again, this time full on the mouth.\
The lad blushed, grinning as he hurried off to perform Roderick\'92s errand.\
\'93Good lad, don\'92t you think?\'94 Roderick said to Bailey, still trying to remember the boy\'92s name. Eric, he thought, maybe. Or Adam, perhaps. R\'e9my? Aha, yes, that was it. R\'e9my. He shrugged, stepping outside. \'93I\'92ll be back shortly,\'94 he said, closing the door, cane luckily still in hand. \
He sighed whistfully. The boy obviously adored him, and Roderick felt a pang of guilt for leading him on. Guilt coupled with longing. It was not that Roderick didn\'92t return his affection. But Roderick\'92s mind was occupied by more than just romantic affections. He didn\'92t have time to allow fickle things like love to distract him.\
He hired a fly, and half an hour later, Roderick walked along the walkway through the garden of a vast mansion, still shaking off the curious sensation that he had fallen down a rabbit hole and was likely to open his eyes and find himself in his own bed at any moment.\
It would hardly have surprised anyone if Roderick were to claim that vampires were real. If anything, it was his logical, sceptic mind that people found eccentric. Belief in the supernatural was not merely normal; it was in vogue. Fashionable men and women had seances to contact their loved ones from beyond the grave. Ghosts, vampires, werewolves. What reason did anyone have to doubt their existence? Really, it was only the upper classes and the highly educated that doubted such things, and Roderick was upper middle class at best, and self-educated.\
His father had been a policeman, and an alcoholic. Edward Steen had made a modest salary as a detective at Scotland Yard, in spite of his inability to refuse a glass of whiskey when one was proffered. He\'92d retired young, if retirement was the right word. The truth was that he\'92d drank himself out of a job. He still pursued a career as a detective, but as a consultant for hire, not entirely unlike Roderick. Roderick hadn\'92t seen his father in years, and almost never thought about him.\
Edward Steen 
\i was
\i0  superstitious. He believed that murderers were possessed by devils, that sin was a gateway for demons to cross over into our world. Perhaps that was exactly why Roderick was so steadfastly logical. Perhaps this was also why he never let a drop of liquor touch his lips. Edward Steen had also always preferred cats to dogs.\
But then, suppose an irrefutable fact presented itself, one which made superstition more logical than superstition. If pragmatism must prevail, then Roderick was forced to consider that even myths have a foundation in truth. Here, in this house, Roderick had seen the dead rise, only to feast on the flesh of the living.\
He hated being back here. Yet he placed a gloved hand on the door and pushed it open. The door was unlocked, which was not entirely alarming, and the house appeared to be abandoned. Apparently Lady Connor had retreated to her father\'92s house in the country after her husband\'92s death. The servants, consequently, had abandoned the Connor household, so it was dark and quiet once Roderick closed the door. The only light was from the early morning sun, dimmed by layers of smog, flickering between the curtains.\
Roderick immediately set about turning the lamps on, and as was his fashion, he removed his shoes and popped a piece of candy into his mouth. Strawberry liquorice. He chewed loudly as he made his way through the house. He ought to have made his way straight for Connor\'92s office, but he was still feeling paranoid after his encounter with the vampires in the alley and subsequently the Moirae, so he preferred not to leave a single corner of the house unchecked or unlit.\
Finally, Roderick at last set his sights on Connor\'92s office. Tired after his long ordeal, he clomped his way upstairs, lighting the lamps as he went.\
The door to Connor\'92s office was still sticky with what Roderick believed was congealed blood. It swung open with a groan. There was a chill in the room, a cool breeze stirring the curtains from the open window. It still smelt of death, though the police had already done their due diligence of ridding the place of the bodies.\
Some of the pages from Connor\'92s desk had fallen to the floor, but Roderick was quick to sort through them and conclude that the page he sought wasn\'92t among them. He flicked through the papers on the desk and quickly found it. Blank, except for a single symbol. The crow\'92s head sigil of the Resurrectionists.\
He held the page up to his face and sniffed. He nodded, satisfied.\
\'93As I suspected,\'94 he said aloud. \'93Lemon juice.\'94\
He fished into his pockets, found a match, and lit it. Careful not to burn the paper, he held the match beneath it. Gradually, the ink revealed itself, the letters oxidizing in the heat and becoming an ugly shade of brown. He flicked his wrist and the match burned out. He set it down on Connor\'92s desk and turned his attention to the message revealed from the invisible ink.\
It was a name.\
Francis Varney.\
He mouthed the name aloud, silently contemplating its significance. \'93Varney the Vampire,\'94 he said aloud after a while. He was recalling the character from the penny dreadfuls.\
The Resurrectionists had once been the talk of the town. Their controversial essays, missives, and manifestos had delighted and horrified the citizens of London, printed in newspapers and scientific magazines alike. Their popularity peaked with a horrendous scandal when one of their members was implicated in several brutal murders.\
While the murderer amongst them was eventually apprehended, the police had made an effort to round up the Resurrectionists\'92 other members as accomplices, but the task had proved impossible. All of their literature had been published under noms de plume, though Roderick\'92s father had once posited that this was not why the police had been unable to track them. His theory was that the police had been paid to feign incompetence. And while Roderick disagreed with his father about a great many things, 
\i this
\i0  was not a point of contention, though he would not have been entirely surprised to learn that their incompetence was in fact legitimate.\
As for the names, they were easy enough to remember. \
They would assume the name of a popular character from a penny dreadful, generally a villainous character.\
Sweeney Todd, 
\i The String of Pearls
\i0 . Spring-heeled Jack, 
\i The Terror of London
\i0 . Anthony Tidkins, 
\i The Mysteries of London
\i0 . Dr. Allen, 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 .\
Varney the Vampire, 
\i A Feast of Blood
\i0 .\
Following the scandal, the newspapers had printed stories and essays featuring numerous other supposed members of the Murder Club, though many of the names and stories were obviously fake, which made matters even more difficult for the police. Roderick knew the stories better than most; his father had worked the case until he died.\
The connection to Varney the Vampire was not lost on Roderick, given the plague of the undead that seemed to be spreading throughout the city. But the real question was, was Connor naming himself as Varney the Vampire, or was he naming his murderer? It was impossible to connect the pen names to the real names of the men who used them, impossible to connect a member of the Resurrectionists by pseudonym alone. Of course, if, as Roderick suspected, it was Anthony Tidkins that had killed Connor, then he could not have been naming his murderer. Henry Connor was Francis Varney, a Resurrectionist.\
But there was more to this. He needed another clue. Only a moment later he\'92d deduced where he might find one. Evidently Connor was the sort of man taken to leaving coded messages behind. Clearly he\'92d known his life had been in danger, and he\'92d wanted to leave a clue that could be pursued to track his killers. Hence the invisible ink.\
Roderick turned his attention to the bookshelf that lined one wall of Connor\'92s office, his eyes quickly sorting through the titles on the spines of the books until he found the one he was looking for.\
He pulled a volume from the shelf. 
\i The Feast of Blood
\i0 , an epic tome and a reprinting of the original serialized stories in which Varney had appeared. With some two hundred or more chapters, Roderick hadn\'92t the slightest idea of where to proceed, but he flipped open the book all the same.\
Somewhere, there had to be a hidden message. He flipped through its pages, but there was nothing to draw his eye. He returned to the beginning, noted the name of the publisher. Grimmer and Sons. He set the book down and turned to another of the books on the shelf. The Mysteries of London. This, of course, was the book that featured The Resurrection Man, namesake of the Resurrectionists. But again, there were no immediately obvious messages to be gleaned from the book\'92s pages. Again, however, he noted the name of the publisher. Grimmer and Sons.\
One last tome. 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 . Printed by Grimmer and Sons. There was an inscription on the first page, \'93My old friend, I hope you will enjoy this collection of stories about your much-revered Dr. Allen. Charles Grimmer.\'94\
Roderick scoffed. He knew a veiled insult when he saw one. And this was a passive aggressive gift, if ever there was one. Clearly there was some personal history between Lord Henry Connor and Mr. Charles Grimmer. 
\i Your much-revered Dr. Allen...
\i0 Was this enough to prove that Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist? After all, Dr. Allen was a known killer. That he revered the man certainly seemed damning.\
He put the book beneath his arm, picked up his cane, and headed back outside to where his cabriolet awaited. His conversation with Inspector Taggert would have to wait.\
\'93Do you know the location of the Grimmer and Sons Printing Company?\'94 he asked the driver.\
\'93Does the pope wear a funny hat?\'94 he asked rhetorically.\
Roderick paused to think. \'93Very good,\'94 he said, paying the man. \'93Off we go then.\'94}