{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red170\green0\blue12;\red112\green0\blue3;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 It seemed to Jonathan that so far his attempts at solving the mystery of the Resurrectionists had been comprised of going from one unreliable source to another. It had begun with Miss Monday, who was at worst an assassin and at best a thief, and whom he inexplicably trusted most of all, though it was obvious she was keeping things from him. Then there was Parson Sinews, a criminal by association if nothing else, and a murder enthusiast. He\'92d had plenty of dirt on the Resurrectionists, but it was coloured by fanciful theories, not to mention he was fixated on Dr. Allen. Henry Ocelot, the owner of several opium dens and bawdy houses, who again seemed inexplicably trustworthy in spite of his reputation. Of course, even if Jonathan were willing to put his faith in that man, he had no idea where to find him; his calling card had been utterly destroyed by the rain. Perhaps Miss Monday would know where to find him, given her knowledge of the criminal network. Then Dr. Simms, literally a mad scientist and a member of the Resurrectionists. Perhaps he\'92d once been loyal to Jonathan\'92s father, but there was every chance that his opium-addled mind had been further influenced by the notorious serum of Anthony Tidkins' invention. Dr. Allen, a frail old man whose alleged murder spree had made him an urban legend, a bogey man. Again, nothing that man had to say could be taken at face value. And then there was Mrs. Grimmer. Jonathan\'92s own mother, whom he\'92d twice overheard fraternizing with the enemy, and who had shot him with a tranquilizer. Finally, Manuel, the family butler, who had urged him to trust Mrs. Grimmer, and claimed that she was still loyal to Jonathan\'92s father\'92s Agency, and was working undercover to dismantle the Resurrectionists\'92 plans. After all this, and given that in the last two days he\'92d hardly slept a wink\'97unless you counted the time that he was out cold\'97Jonathan was more confused than ever.\
It was thus with aggravation, rather than his customary nonchalance, that Jonathan made the acquaintance of Abraham Palmer.\
\'93Mr. O,\'94 he introduced himself, though it was painfully obvious that Mr. Palmer already knew who Jonathan was.\
Still, while Jonathan was feeling inhospitable, he\'92d been raised in polite society. He gestured to an empty chair and invited Mr. Palmer and Miss Monday to take tea with him. At least if he was to interrogate the poor man, he would do so politely. Over tea.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \cb2 \'93I am given to understand that you received a copy of the letter,\'94 said Mr. Palmer.\
Jonathan started. \'93What letter?\'94 he blurted, only making it more obvious that he did indeed have a copy of it.\
Mr. Palmer produced his own, and showed it to Jonathan. It was identical to Jonathan\'92s copy. Handwritten, authentic insofar as he could tell, and signed by Queen Victoria. He turned to Miss Monday.\
\'93I take it you are apprised of the situation as well then?\'94\cb1 \
\'93I believe I know the gist,\'94 she said, gulping back her tea as if it was the last cup on earth. \'93It\'92s been a long day,\'94 she said with a dismissive shrug, \'93I find tea to be quite the restorative, don\'92t you?\'94 She changed the subject. \'93Mr. Palmer came to my assistance following the incident at Dr. Allen\'92s. I cannot say that I trust him entirely,\'94 she continued, looking directly at Mr. Palmer as she said this, \'93But he did save my life. And he claims loyalty to your father\'92s cause.\'94\
\'93But he\'92s a Resurrectionist?\'94 said Jonathan. The man still had his plague doctor\'92s mask, though he didn\'92t wear it on his face, but carried about him.\
\'93I was an Agent,\'94 said Mr. Palmer. \'93I worked with your father. After his death, your mother and I agreed to continue his work. Shortly thereafter, the Resurrectionists began their hostile takeover. They already had members within the Agency; when they started to drug the rest of us, it wasn\'92t long before they\'92d taken over.\'94\
\'93How is it possible that you managed to avoid the drug?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
Palmer shrugged. \'93They slipped it into the tea,\'94 he said.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93You mean to say that as an American, you don\'92t partake in that very British pastime.\'94\
\'93I\'92m big on coffee,\'94 he said.\
\'93Alas, I have none on offer.\'94 Jonathan looked the man in the eyes, trying to read him. Like Miss Monday, Jonathan couldn\'92t say that he trusted the man entirely, but there were elements of truth to his story. And what\'92s more, he actually liked the gentleman, which was more than he could say for Parson Sinews, Dr. Allen, or\'97dare he say it\'97Mrs. Grimmer.\
There was a casualness to his manners, a slouch to his posture, a shrug to his gestures, that made him quickly relatable to Jonathan, who\'92d spent much of his life being lectured on manners\'97and then immediately forgetting them.\
And if he 
\i could
\i0  be trusted, Abraham Palmer could be a useful ally. Putting his interest in saving London from a plague of the undead above polite conversation, Jonathan leaned forward, putting his hand on Mr. Palmer\'92 wrist as if to impress upon him the seriousness of the question he wanted to ask.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \cb3 Jonathan had many questions. It was difficult to know which one to ask first. Who killed Lord Connor, and why? Why was Parson Sinews blamed for Lord Connor\'92s death, and what have the Resurrectionists done with him? If Lord Connor was himself a Resurrectionist, why did they target him? Why did they unleash the Lazarus Virus at the masquerade? What was Miss Monday hired to steal from him?\cb1 \
But the question he settled on was this. \'93What are the Resurrectionists planning?\'94 He indicated the letter that he and Palmer both had copies of. \'93It\'92s more than just this, isn\'92t it?\'94 he said.\
Mr. Palmer looked from Jonathan to Miss Monday, and back again. Still not drinking his tea, he replied. \'93Thing is,\'94 he said, \'93You\'92re thinking about the Resurrectionists all wrong. Like they have just one collective goal. That\'92s not it at all. Dr. Simms, for example, studied aeronautics. The 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  was his design. Dr. Allen was a surgeon, although he later made intensive studies in biology, with a particular interest in genetics. Anthony Tidkins had broader interests. After studying surgery under Dr. Allen\'92s tutelage, he made a study of corvine birds, then later turned to pharmacology.\'94\
\'93The serum,\'94 said Jonathan.\
Palmer nodded.\
\'93Throughout all this, he also took an interest in engineering.\'94\
\'93Bit of a jack of all trades,\'94 Miss Monday said.\
\'93And finally, he began his study of the Lazarus Virus,\'94 Mr. Palmer continued. \'93If you want to know what the Resurrectionists are planning, you need to know what 
\i Anthony Tidkins 
\i0 is planning. And nobody knows that, except for him. All other scientific pursuits have been abandoned but Anthony\'92s, thanks to the serum.\'94\
Jonathan turned to Miss Monday, who was drinking her tea more calmly now, her brow creased pensively. \'93Penny for your thoughts?\'94\
She blinked in surprise. \'93Sorry?\'94 she said, as if she\'92d just woken from a dream. \'93Oh, right.\'94 She set her tea down on the side table. \'93I was just thinking, Dr. Simms said that Dr. Allen\'92s work was inconsequential, that he was no murderer; it was all Anthony.\'94\
Jonathan nodded. \'93You don't believe that to be true?\'94\
\'93Do you?\'94 she replied.\
\'93After meeting Dr. Allen, it seemed difficult to believe that a frail old man could be capable of such heinous acts, but now, I\'92m not so sure. Dr. Simms might have simply been repeating what he was 
\i told
\i0  to repeat.\'94 He turned to Mr. Palmer for confirmation.\
The man shrugged. \'93Not too sure,\'94 he said, \'93But Dr. Allen\'92s work was hardly inconsequential.\'94\
Miss Monday, setting aside her tea, took a key from around her neck. \'93Would you excuse me a moment, gentlemen?\'94 she asked, getting out of her seat. \'93Clockwork parts to wind,\'94 she explained.\
She crossed the large room, found herself a table and a mirror, far enough from Jonathan and Mr. Palmer that she could wind up her gears without interrupting their tea, but close enough that she could still follow the conversation.\
\'93What exactly was Dr. Allen studying?\'94 Jonathan asked. \'93You and Dr. Simms both mentioned genetics.\'94\
\'93Difficult to say for sure. As he was Anthony\'92s mentor, their studies often overlapped. They both made studies of prosthetics, grafting machinery to living tissue. Which is why Dr. Allen could easily have been blamed if it really was Anthony that committed all those murders. Later, the two parted, as Dr. Allen took on a military contract, which is when he began his intensive studies of genetics, while Anthony Tidkins began to study the Lazarus Virus. As far as I know, Dr. Allen was interested in metamorphosis.\'94\
\'93Metamorphosis?\'94 said Miss Monday, from across the room.\
\'93Transformation, in layman\'92s terms.\'94\
\'93That reminds me,\'94 said Jonathan. He got out of his chair. \'93We\'92d best get moving. We\'92ll continue this conversation later, shall we? I\'92ll alert the Captain that it\'92s time to take off.\'94}