{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel stifled a cough as she marched up the walkway to the door of the gentleman\'92s club. She had a membership here, under the assumed name of Mr. Monday, so it was convenient that she was already dressed in masculine garb. She\'92d been half tempted to head straight home, change out of her blood-stained clothes, and climb into bed. Instead, she had decided to pay a call on the gentleman\'97if gentleman was the appropriate word\'97who\'92d informed her of a potential buyer for a mysterious package, inconveniently located in Lord Connor\'92s safe.\
At the time, he\'92d made no mention of who the buyer was. Of course, she\'92d since learned that they were Resurrectionists. She wanted to know if Melbourne had known the danger he\'92d put her in by setting her up with such an unpredictable buyer, or if he\'92d made the arrangements with good intentions. If he was as surprised as she\'92d been by what the Resurrectionists had done, perhaps he could be forgiven, provided he was more cautious in the future. On the other hand, if he 
\i had
\i0  known they intended to rob her, or if he\'92d known what she was stealing, she would have to have strong words with him. Very strong words indeed.\
Annabel had taken the underground railway to Chancery Lane Station. It was only a few blocks from the station to the gentleman\'92s club. She now stepped up to the premises and rapped firmly upon the door. It creaked open, its rusty hinges yielding to the force of her right hand. She stepped back in surprise. Cautiously, she put her head through the doorway and peered inside. It was dark, but that was not unusual for the Melbourne Club, its tables lit by oil lamps. But it was quiet, which was unsettling.\
Typically loud with the gossiping voices of gentlemen and the clack of billiards, the Melbourne Club was now as quiet as the grave, its door unmanned and unlocked. The door still swung easily on its hinges as Annabel stepped inside and surveyed the club\'92s dimly lit quarters.\
It was not entirely deserted after all. Standing behind the bar, a rictus grin on his stiff face, was the very man she\'92d wanted to see. Bertram Melbourne.\
\'93Bertie,\'94 she said familiarly, approaching him warily. She could see, even in the dim light, that something was gravely wrong.\
He inclined his head at the sound of her voice, but his movements were unnatural. She stepped back in a panic, drawing her pistol, but he made no further movement toward her. When her heart settled, she turned to the nearest table, reached for the oil lamp, and adjusted the dial until it brightened.\
The sudden illumination revealed the gruesome horror that had been hidden in the darkness. Annabel covered her mouth with her hand and repressed the urge to let out a scream. Melbourne had been disemboweled. With surgical precision, his gut had been cut open. Around the opening, a porthole, like that on a steamship, had somehow been affixed to his flesh like a window into the man\'92s insides. Hollowed like a jack o\'92 lantern, Melbourne\'92s insides had been stuffed with clockwork parts, which ticked behind a pane of glass.\
No stranger to the fusion of flesh and machinery, Annabel\'92s eyes were not drawn to Melbourne\'92s clockwork stomach, but to his face. The blood had dried, but that made it no less gruesome. His eyes had been plucked out. The sockets were stuffed with black marbles. Black feathers had been stuck to his skin with a sticky resin. His nose and mouth were hidden beneath a beak made of brass. Gears were affixed to the joints of the beak.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D64DB2F7-0D25-43E4-AE69-8358E5172EE8"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 She thought immediately of the Resurrectionists and their plague masks. When Annabel was a little girl, an orphan on the streets, stealing from men\'92s pockets, one of her victims had been a rich gentleman.\
Although she\'92d gotten away with his coin purse, she had the distinct feeling he\'92d 
\i let
\i0  her get away. The next time she met him, he\'92d come to her rescue, after she\'92d been caught red-handed stealing. After that, they\'92d become thick as, well, thieves. In fact, there was a time when Annabel had thought of him as her brother.\
He had often worn an old, weathered plague mask. At the time, she didn\'92t know what the mask was for. Now that she did, she felt sickened by the memory.}}\
Not that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6A6F60B0-2683-4534-89F2-3BC7A2CB3F0E"}}{\fldrslt Annabel was squeamish. Of course, she did feel a healthy amount of nausea at the sight of Melbourne\'92s disfigurement, but her curiosity overpowered any sense of discomfort.}}\
While Connor had been a 
\i zombie
\i0 , Melbourne was definitely dead. He couldn\'92t harm her. His legs were affixed to the floor, pinned in place by metal stakes, meant to keep him upright after death.\
She noticed he had a set of clockwork gears affixed to his face. She wondered if the gears 
\i did
\i0  anything. After all, what was the point in clockwork if not to operate some kind of machine? Annabel reached up, put her hands on the gears attached to Melbourne\'92s brass beak. The gears wouldn\'92t turn. Her brow creased. She leaned in for a closer look, and saw that there was a keyhole. If there was a keyhole, there had to be a key.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 I wonder
\i0 , she thought, drawing the brass key she wore around her neck. She almost chided herself even for thinking it, ridiculous as it seemed, but she decided there was no harm in trying. She slid the key into the lock; it was a perfect fit.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7F50C87A-F462-46F1-9332-75622E880145"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 She had little time to consider what this meant, as the gears rotated, and Melbourne\'92s crow-like mouth opened.}} But a thought did occur to her. It was a notion she\'92d been trying to avoid, but the evidence was damning. Anthony Tidkins, the Resurrection Man, who had turned Melbourne into an automaton, must have been the same man who\'92d given Annabel her mechanical eye all those years ago. Otherwise, how would he have designed the keyhole as a perfect match of the key she kept around her neck?\
A recording began to play. It began with the sound of a crow cawing. This was the first time Annabel had been witness to the marvel of auditory recording technology. There must have been a tiny phonograph, hidden somewhere within the brass mouth.\
The crow sounds gave way to a man\'92s voice. It was impossible to discern whose voice it was, given the quality of the recording. It was tinny, thin, without any weight to it.\
\'93The angels, not half so happy in heaven, went envying her and me. Yes, that was the reason, as all men know, in this kingdom by the sea, that the wind came out of the cloud by night, chilling and killing my Annabel Lee.\'94\
She shrunk back, startled by the message\'92s use of her own name. Annabel was hardly a student of poetry, but she was familiar enough with that verse, about the death of a beautiful woman. The message was clear; it was a warning.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 The wind came out of the cloud
\i0 , she thought. The Lazarus virus had been an airborne cloud, chilling and killing Lord Connor\'92s guests. Annabel had only just escaped that fate.\
Annabel hadn\'92t wanted to admit it, but she kept coming back to the same horrific conclusion. She knew who the Resurrection Man was.}