{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The blood seemed to have stopped flowing. Annabel had roughly patched him up with a strip of cloth from his skirt. It was badly ripped enough already, so she dared not worry about the scandal her bare legs might cause should she be seen in public in such a state. There were other, more pressing concerns.\
\'93We\'92ve got to get out of here,\'94 she said. \'93This isn\'92t the only elevator. The Resurrectionists could be right on our heels.\'94\
Abraham agreed. He hurried out of the office, stopping only to retrieve another weapon, a shotgun he had hidden beneath his desk. Annabel had to remind herself that if he\'92d wanted to kill her he wouldn\'92t have needed the shotgun to do so. He could just as easily have left her to the Resurrectionists. Still, she wasn\'92t one to trust easily, so she kept a cautious distance.\
\'93Bullets,\'94 she said, holding out her gun. \'93Do you have any more?\'94\
He opened another drawer, quickly fished out a small stash of ammunition, and handed it over.\
\'93Most of the offices don\'92t have elevators into the basement. Just those of us who worked for Mr. Grimmer\'92s Society as well as the printing company and who are now members of the Resurrectionists. Besides Jonathan and Mrs. Grimmer, there\'92s only myself and Mr. Miles. Mr. Grimmer\'92s elevator is closest to this one; they\'92ll probably be headed there.\'94\
His voice was muffled, as he had put the mask back on his head. Apparently he didn\'92t want his fellow Resurrectionists to know who had betrayed them. A wise precaution, she thought.\
\'93Right,\'94 said Annabel, opening the door and heading into the hallway in a hurry.\
The employees of the printing company stared at her in scandalized silence, the women turning to one another to share in the gossip. Their delight, however, turned to shock when they noticed Mr. Palmer\'92 shotgun and Annabel\'92s pistol.\
Without slowing, the pair hurried through the crowd, the shouts of the Resurrectionists announcing their arrival from behind. Barely pausing in his tracks, Abraham cocked the shotgun, aimed it at the Resurrectionists, and fired.\
Screams erupted from the printing company\'92s employees, while a cry of pain arose from one of the masked Resurrectionists. They scattered for cover, though some of them raised their own weapons and began firing back. The chaos of screaming journalists, secretaries, and printers provided cover, until the Resurrectionists decided they weren\'92t likely to hit anyone but innocent civilians, and resumed the chase.\
Meanwhile, Annabel and her trigger-happy acquaintance found the front door of the building and fled. They didn\'92t stop there, instead fleeing down the long driveway of the printing company with only the occasional backward glance to see that, yes, they were still being followed.\
Another shot rang out, but it went wild. Mr. Palmer returned fire, forcing the Resurrectionists to take cover while he and Annabel fled. They sought cover behind a statue that marked the entrance to the driveway. A hail of bullets struck the statue, and Annabel had to cover her ears and eyes as the stone crumbled.\
Abraham reloaded, stepped out from behind cover, and fired again.\
\'93Go!\'94 he shouted.\
Annabel didn\'92t have to be told twice. She headed towards the street, waving her arms to try to flag down a passing cab. She looked back to Mr. Palmer, who was now running after her again, bullets bouncing off the ground mere inches from his feet. It was only by luck that he wasn\'92t hit.\
Finally, Annabel managed to flag down a driver. He pulled the fly off to the side of the road, and she climbed inside, making room for Mr. Palmer, who practically dove into the coach.\
Annabel belted out instructions to the driver, not worrying about where they were going, so long as the cab was moving. The Resurrectionists\'92 bullets had not proved to be terribly accurate, but they did seem to have considerable range. It was not until the fly turned down a side street that Annabel settled into her seat.\
\'93Are you hit?\'94 she asked Mr. Palmer. \'93Again, I mean?\'94\
He shook his head. \'93Other than the shoulder, I\'92m fine,\'94 he said. \'93Where are we headed?\'94\
\'93Where would we find Mr. O?\'94\
\'93Who?\'94\
\'93Jonathan, I mean,\'94 she said. \'93Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
Abraham turned to the driver and rattled off the address of the Grimmer family household. Then he turned back to Annabel. The firearm he\'92d given her was now aimed at his stomach.\
\'93I believe you promised me an explanation,\'94 she said. \'93I want to know why you\'92re helping me. Tell me everything.\'94\
Mr. Palmer nodded slowly. \'93I will,\'94 he said. He indicated the driver with a nod of his head. \'93But not here. Not now.\'94\
Annabel pursed her lips unhappily. With a subtle nod of her head, she reminded him that he was at gunpoint. \'93When?\'94 she demanded, jamming the muzzle of the rifle into his gut.\
He winced in pain.\
\'93When we arrive at Mr. Grimmer\'92s residence, I\'92ll explain everything to the both of you, if that\'92s agreeable.\'94\
Annabel nodded.\
\'93Fine,\'94 she said, \'93But no more secrets.\'94}