{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 It seemed to Jonathan that so far his attempts at solving the mystery of the Resurrectionists had been comprised of going from one unreliable source to another. It had begun with Miss Monday, who was at worst an assassin and at best a thief, and whom he inexplicably trusted most of all, though it was obvious she was keeping things from him.\
Then there was Parson Sinews, a criminal by association if nothing else, and a murder enthusiast. He\'92d had plenty of dirt on the Resurrectionists, but it was coloured by fanciful theories, not to mention he was fixated on Dr. Allen.\
Henry Ocelot, the owner of several opium dens and bawdy houses, who again seemed inexplicably trustworthy in spite of his reputation. Of course, even if Jonathan were willing to put his faith in that man, he had no idea where to find him; his calling card had been utterly destroyed by the rain. Perhaps Miss Monday would know where to find him, given her knowledge of the criminal network.\
Then Dr. Simms, literally a mad scientist and a member of the Resurrectionists. Perhaps he\'92d once been loyal to Jonathan\'92s father, but it seemed obvious that his opium-addled mind had been further influenced by the notorious serum of Anthony Tidkins\'92 invention.\
Dr. Allen, a frail old man whose murder spree had made him an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B9268F98-8227-49F8-872D-93BCBED2DB61"}}{\fldrslt urban legend}}, a bogey man. Supposedly he\'92d been under the influence of the serum, but that hardly meant he could be trusted. Again, nothing that man had to say could be taken at face value.\
And then there was Mrs. Grimmer. Jonathan\'92s own mother, whom he\'92d twice overheard fraternizing with the enemy, and who had shot him with a tranquilizer. Was she working under cover, or was she truly a member? It was impossible to say. Jonathan would have liked to say that he could trust his mother, but he\'92d never had that bond that mothers and sons are supposed to have; he\'92d mostly been raised by the family\'92s servants, while his parents had been busy with the family business.\
Finally, there was Manfred McCall, the family butler, who had urged him to trust Mrs. Grimmer. He claimed that she was still loyal to The Hunting Society, that she was working undercover to dismantle the Resurrectionists\'92 plans. But to trust Manfred McCall, Jonathan first needed to trust his mother.\
After all this, and given that in the last two days he\'92d hardly slept a wink\'97unless you counted the time that he was out cold\'97Jonathan was more confused than ever.\
It was thus with aggravation, rather than his customary nonchalance, that Jonathan made the acquaintance of Abraham Palmer.\
\'93Mr. O,\'94 he introduced himself, though it was painfully obvious that Mr. Palmer already knew who Jonathan was.\
Still, while Jonathan was feeling inhospitable, he\'92d been raised in polite society. He gestured to an empty chair and invited Mr. Palmer and Miss Monday to take tea with him. At least if he was to interrogate the poor man, he would do so politely. Over tea.\
Miss Monday settled into her chair and gulped back her tea as if it was the last cup on earth. Jonathan raised an eyebrow.\
\'93It\'92s been a long day,\'94 she said with a dismissive shrug, \'93I find tea to be quite the restorative, don\'92t you?\'94\
Jonathan had to agree. He gave a casual shrug.\
Miss Monday changed the subject, getting straight to business.\
\'93Mr. Palmer came to my assistance following the incident at Dr. Allen\'92s. I cannot say that I trust him entirely,\'94 she continued, looking directly at Mr. Palmer as she said this, \'93But he did save my life. I\'92m not sure why, given that he is a Resurrectionist, but he has offered to provide us with an explanation.\'94\
Strange to think that throughout all this, Miss Monday had become Jonathan\'92s closest ally. She was a criminal, an assassin, but at least her intentions were clear. She wanted to bring down the Resurrectionists. If she was willing to hear Mr. Palmer\'92 explanation, Jonathan would do the same. He looked to Mr. Palmer.\
The man was clearly wounded, his shoulder bandaged with a strip of cloth from Miss Monday\'92s skirt. He tried to hide a grimace as he took a seat. Blood had seeped through the bandage. The man\'92s injury offered Jonathan a modicum of comfort; at least if Mr. Palmer\'92 intention was to betray them, Jonathan would have the upper hand in a fight.\
\'93What do you know about the Dead London experiment?\'94 Mr. Palmer asked, apparently rhetorically, as he began to explain without waiting for an answer. \'93It is an experiment, designed to prove the hypothesis that certain people\'97\'93 He looked to Miss Monday, pausing meaningfully, \'93Possess a natural immunity to the Lazarus Virus.\'94\
\'93And they intend to test this virus how?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93Initially, they hoped to test it on the pair of you,\'94 he said, looking from one to the other, Jonathan and Miss Monday. \'93They believed you would be the ideal candidates, as you were apparently both exposed to earlier forms of the Lazarus Virus and survived.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 said Miss Monday, looking at Jonathan in surprise.\
He regarded her with an equal amount of shock.\
\'93I don\'92t know what he\'92s talking about,\'94 he said, looking back to Mr. Palmer for a further explanation.\
Mr. Palmer shrugged.\
\'93It\'92s not surprising that you would have no memory of the incident, but the truth is that when you were a young boy, you had the first documented case of the Lazarus Virus. You were in a delirious, feverish state throughout. You made a full recovery, with the assistance of a physician who goes by the name Dr. Allen. And his young assistant, Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
\'93Jack,\'94 breathed Miss Monday.\
Palmer nodded.\
Still in disbelief, Jonathan gestured to his female accomplice.\
\'93What about 
\i her
\i0 ?\'94 he said.\
Miss Monday changed the subject.\
\'93How do you know about all this?\'94 she asked.\
Mr. Palmer took a cautious sip of his tea. Evidently he didn\'92t share Miss Monday\'92s enthusiasm for the beverage.\
\'93I worked for your father,\'94 he said to Jonathan.\
He began to offer an explanation of what he meant, but Jonathan cut him off.\
\'93I know about the zombies,\'94 he said.\
\'93When your father died, the Resurrectionists began their hostile takeover. They already had members within the Hunting Society; when they started to drug the rest of us, it wasn\'92t long before they\'92d taken over.\'94\
\'93How is it possible that you managed to avoid the drug?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
Palmer shrugged. \'93They slipped it into the tea,\'94 he said.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93You mean to say that as an American, you don\'92t partake in that very British pastime.\'94\
\'93I\'92m big on coffee,\'94 he admitted.\
\'93Alas, I have none on offer.\'94 Jonathan looked the man in the eyes, trying to read him. Like Miss Monday, Jonathan couldn\'92t say that he trusted the man entirely, but there were elements of truth to his story. And what\'92s more, he actually liked the gentleman, which was more than he could say for Parson Sinews, Dr. Allen, or\'97dare he say it\'97Mrs. Grimmer.\
There was a casualness to his manners, a slouch to his posture, a shrug to his gestures, that made him quickly relatable to Jonathan, who\'92d spent much of his life being lectured on manners\'97and then immediately forgetting them. Still, if he 
\i could
\i0  be trusted, Abraham Palmer could be a useful ally. Putting his interest in saving London from a plague of the undead above polite conversation, Jonathan leaned forward.\
\'93Getting back to Dead London\'85\'94 he said.\
\'93Right,\'94 said Mr. Palmer. \'93Initially they\'92d intended to test their hypothesis on the pair of you. However, that proved difficult. To tell you the truth, I wanted to give you up to them. It would have been so much simpler, so much better than the alternative. Of course, Mrs. Grimmer wouldn\'92t hear of it. Dead London is Plan B. The idea is that to test their hypothesis, they\'92d need a large enough body of test subjects that they\'92d be certain to find some participants who possessed that much-sought-after immunity.\'94\
\'93So where would they find a large enough body of subjects?\'94 asked Miss Monday.\
\'93London,\'94 he said simply. \'93They plan to unleash the Lazarus Virus on the entire population of London.\'94\
Jonathan looked at him in disbelief. \'93How?\'94 he wanted to know.\
Miss Monday had gone pale. \'93Jonathan,\'94 she said. It was the first time she\'92d used his given name. \'93I think he\'92s telling the truth. When Jack tried to expose me to Lazarus, he used a vaporizer. If the virus can be spread through the air\'85\'94\
\'93My god,\'94 Jonathan breathed.\
\'93So, you wonder why I\'92m trying to help you?\'94 said Mr. Palmer. \'93Given that I\'92ve not been dosed with the serum, I should think it would be obvious. This experiment has to be stopped, at all costs.\'94\
Miss Monday, setting aside her tea, took a key from around her neck. \'93Would you excuse me a moment, gentlemen?\'94 she asked, getting out of her seat. \'93Clockwork parts to wind,\'94 she explained.\
She crossed the large room, found herself a table and a mirror, far enough from Jonathan and Mr. Palmer that she could wind up her gears without interrupting their tea, but close enough that she could still follow the conversation.\
\'93So what now?\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Why are we headed to the Moirae Tea House?\'94\
\'93A meeting of the Vigilance Committee,\'94 he said. \'93We believe we\'92ve found a way to stop the experiment, but it will take all the help we can get.\'94\
\'93Who\'92s 
\i we
\i0 ?\'94 Miss Monday asked from across the room.\
Palmer directed his attention to Jonathan. \'93Those of us who remain loyal to your father and have not been brainwashed by the Resurrectionists. There were others, but we believe they may have been compromised. At the moment, it\'92s just me and Mrs. Grimmer.\'94}