{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 He felt foolish for buying into the dream logic. But it had felt so real. He\'92d looked into her eyes. He\'92d heard her voice, seen her lips moving, smelt her perfume.\
But it was impossible.\
\'93Are you awake?\'94 said a voice.\
He sat up in his bed and looked around. Most of the past few days had passed by in a fog. He could hardly remember where he was let alone recall how he\'92d gotten there.\
It was a prison cell, with iron bars as walls, a thin slot in the door for food to be slid through. His bed was a slab of wood barely enough to accommodate his height, with a mattress thin enough he swore he could feel the splinters in the wood beneath it. He had no pillow to speak of, but he did have blankets, and he\'92s folded them up into a pile and used them as one, so that he was cold and shivering when he awoke.\
\'93Who\'92s there?\'94 he said.\
The cell beside him was too dimly lit to make out the shadowy figure from within, but he could see that there was someone in there, speaking to him.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the voice, as the shadow moved toward him, \'93You are awake. You know, you talk in your sleep. When you suddenly go silent, I know you are awake.\'94\
\'93Or dead,\'94 suggested Sinews.\
The man laughed at the suggestion. \'93No,\'94 he said, \'93I knew you were not dead. This place will not kill you so easily.\'94\
Finally, the man\'92s face appeared between the bars, and Mr. Sinews could make out his features. He was old, for one, but he\'92d been able to determine that from the quality of his voice. So the wrinkled visage and the purplish bags beneath his eyes were expected. The man also had a gentle disposition, if the look of a man could give any such indication. There was a kindness in his eyes, and the hint of a smile on his face, that seemed sincere.\
What sort of prison was this, where they locked up kind, old men?\
\'93Parson Sinews,\'94 he said.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the old man, broadening his smile, \'93Isn\'92t that interesting? Father Faria, at your service. Though the guards seem to know me as \'91The Mad Priest.\'92\'94\
\'93Parson by name,\'94 he said with a bitter laugh, \'93Not by profession.\'94\
The priest nodded. \'93I see, I see,\'94 he said, \'93Still, it\'92s a bit amusing, isn\'92t it? A priest and a parson, side by side.\'94\
\'93How did you end up here?\'94\
The priest shrugged. \'93I suppose it must have been political,\'94 he said. \'93My teachings failed to line up with their agendas.\'94\
\'93Whose agendas?\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the priest, \'93Isn\'92t that the question?\'94\
Parson got out of bed and stretched his neck as he moved toward the iron bars that separated their cells.\
\'93What sort of prison is this?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said Faria, scratching his beard as he talked, \'93It\'92s a very special kind of prison, is what it is. A political prison, in a way. It\'92s a prison for those who are known to be innocent but who know something too dangerous to be let out. You\'92re here because they didn\'92t know what else to do with you.\'94\
\'93But I don\'92t know anything dangerous,\'94 Mr. Sinews protested, \'93I don\'92t know what I\'92m doing here, and I don\'92t know knowledge it is that I\'92m supposed to have.\'94\
\'93Don\'92t you, though?\'94\
\'93No,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93And anyway, if this is a prison for the innocent, what am I doing here? They said I was guilty. They said I was to be hanged until I was dead.\'94\
\'93But you aren\'92t guilty, are you?\'94\
\'93No,\'94 Mr. Sinews admitted, \'93Not directly.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said the priest, \'93You know you\'92re innocent. And so do they.\'94\
\'93But who is 
\i they
\i0 ,\'94 he demanded, \'93I still don\'92t understand.\'94\
\'93Why don\'92t you tell me everything that happened?\'94 said Faria, \'93Everything leading up to this point. And then, I will tell you why I think you\'92re here.\'94}