{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Years Ago\
\
Much as he disliked the notion of sharing his story with the stranger in the cell beside him, curiosity outweighed his hesitation. If there was any chance the Mad Priest could dispel even some elements of the mystery of his present circumstances, it was worth it.\
And so he began.\
His entire life\'92s story, laid out in the darkness before a man he\'92d just met. He skipped over those details of his life that he deemed trivial, hurried the story along in favour of those events most current in his mind and therefore most likely to be relevant to his imprisonment.\
He told the Priest of his unusual hobby and the resulting secret society he\'92d formed with those few others whose interests also included the investigation and capture of notorious and dangerous criminals.\
He spoke of meeting the love of his life, the beautiful Mademoiselle Singe, while abroad in Paris. He talked of how he fell, head over heals, into a love that was inescapable, bordering on obsessive. How thoughts of her filled his daydreams and his sleeping dreams alike. What it was about her that was so captivating, he could not place; all that he knew was that he wanted to spend every waking minute breathing in her scent, touching her face, listening to her voice.\
He spoke of his discovery of Allen\'92s Street, where it was believed the nefarious Dr. Allen had lived and where he\'92d carried out at least some of his most heinous acts. \'93Previous to the doctor\'92s association with the street, it had apparently gone unnamed,\'94 he explained, \'93At some point in the street\'92s history, the doctor\'92s name had stuck, and a street sign had been raised.\'94\
He spoke of the Moirae, who he discovered during his exploration of Allen\'92s Street. Their tea house was located just down the street from the doctor\'92s supposed address. Mr. Sinews had wandered in one day after breaking into the abandoned residence at 44 Allen\'92s Street, where the doctor was supposed to have lived.\
\'93It must be fate,\'94 Atropos had said when he\'92d stepped through the door, \'93That you\'92ve wandered into our house.\'94\
He spoke of meeting there again, and of inviting his fellow members of the secret society to join him. He recalled how Rachelle had asked him not to go, practically begged him, but he was too caught up in the affair to give it up, too intrigued, and he\'92d gone anyway.\
He told the priest of his absinthe-induced hallucinations. The spiders, the snakes, the moths. He spoke of the strange tarot reading. The whore, the somnambulist, and the five of tentacles.\
And how Atropos had urged him to abandon his search for Dr. Allen. And how, thinking only of Rachelle, he\'92d consented.\
His voice growing weak and broken, he spoke of his arrest, and his subsequent trial. He spoke of the lawyer who\'92d described in great detail each of Dr. Allen\'92s crimes.\
Mr. Sinews knew all of them. He knew details he ought not to have. He knew the words of every phonograph transcription kept in the police files. He knew them by memory. He could not deny that.\
But then the lawyer had described the details of Rachelle\'92s murder, details with which Mr. Sinews was not familiar. He could hardly bear hearing them the first time, but he repeated them, all the same, to the Mad Priest.\
He told the priest how he\'92d demonstrated his innocence in each of the doctor\'92s crimes; he had alibis for each of them, and his obsessive personality ensured that he still had the documentation that proved he\'92d been in France at the time of many of Dr. Allen\'92s murders.\
And there were also the testimonials of nearly every member of Mr. Sinews\'92 secret society, testimonials which confirmed Mr. Sinews could not have been Rachelle\'92s killer, as he\'92d been at Allen\'92s Street when it had occurred.\
After Mr. Sinews\'92 evidence had been presented, he felt entirely confident that his case would be dismissed, that he would be permitted to see Rachelle one last time before she was buried, that he would be able to see Camille and that they might comfort each other during their time of mutual grief. Still, when he\'92d been pronounced guilty, and the judge had said that he was to be hanged, he had felt impossibly relieved.\
His outrage when he\'92d been thrown in prison instead, was unimaginable.\
\'93There\'92s been a mistake,\'94 he\'92d screamed at the guards, \'93I\'92m supposed to be put to death.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said the priest, \'93I do remember that. You woke me from quite a pleasant slumber. And shortly thereafter, you fell into a deep slumber yourself.\'94\
\'93Sorry,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
\'93Not at all,\'94 said the Priest, \'93You can only imagine how I raged when I first arrived. How do you think I earned the name Mad Priest?\'94\
Mr. Sinews smiled, despite himself. \'93You promised you\'92d tell me what you knew,\'94 he said, \'93About why I\'92m here.\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the priest, \'93You are quite right. I will tell you what I know.\'94}