{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Years Ago\
\
Parson moved back across the tiny cell and sat down upon the bed as he listened to Faria. He still had the alarming feeling that the floor was moving. It felt unsteady beneath his feet. Though he couldn\'92t quite shake the feeling, even when he sat down on the bed, he attempted to relax on the uncomfortable wooden frame.\
The priest lingered at the the wall that separated their cells. He stood there for a while without speaking, as if taking the time to formulate his thoughts, or perhaps he was just sleeping standing up. Mr. Sinews recalled the somnambulist card in the tarot of the Moirae.\
But at last he spoke. \'93You said earlier that you didn\'92t know anything at all that could make you dangerous. Not a thing at all that might make you a political prisoner. And yet\'85\'94 he began.\
He paused in his speech at the sound of the voices of the prison guards making their rounds.\
The small metal door slid open and the guard slid a tray of something vaguely resembling food into his cell.\
\'93What is this?\'94 said Mr. Sinews, staring at the gruel.\
\'93You were expecting tea and crumpets?\'94 asked Faria.\
The guard laughed gruffly and marched onward.\
Mr. Sinews groaned as he got out of bed and retrieved the meal. Cold porridge with a few dark brown chunks of what he hoped were apples.\
\'93You were saying?\'94 he said, spooning some of the gruel into his mouth and attempting not to grimace at the taste and texture.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the priest, \'93Well, it seems quite obvious to me why you\'92re here. And I think that if you would just open your eyes, you\'92d see it too.\'94\
Mr. Sinews groaned, not just at the quality of the meal or the sensation that the room was moving, but also at the fact that the priest was still speaking in riddles.\
\'93You say you don\'92t know anything dangerous,\'94 said the priest, \'93And yet, you said yourself that you were looking into several theories regarding Dr. Allen\'92s work, some of which could be considered treasonous.\'94\
\'93You don\'92t think\'85\'94\
\'93What do 
\i you
\i0  think?\'94 said the priest, \'93You hypothesized that Dr. Allen\'92s most heinous experiments that were publicly criticized by Her Majesty\'92s Armed Forces, were not the result of the Doctor going rogue but were in fact planned all along by the British military.\'94\
The doctor grunted enthusiastically at the quality of his porridge, while Mr. Sinews struggled to keep his down.\
\'93So,\'94 said the priest, \'93Suppose your theory was correct\'85\'94\
Mr. Sinews set down his meal.\
\'93I suppose\'85\'94 he said, following the priest\'92s logic, but it was difficult to think with the room spinning around him and his stomach protesting against the gruel and with his grief still fresh in his mind.\
\'93Suppose your theory was correct,\'94 continued Faria, \'93Do you really think they\'92d call you innocent and give you leave to continue investigating?\'94\
\'93So,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Whoever had me thrown in here\'85\'94\
\'93Must have known that your hypothesis was correct,\'94 said the priest, \'93And must therefore have been involved in the Doctor\'92s experiments, at least in some capacity. You are here, Mr. Sinews, not because you\'92re guilty, but to prevent you from exposing the truth.\'94\
\'93The judge,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93It must have been the judge.\'94\
\'93What makes you so sure?\'94 asked Faria.\
\'93His name,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, cursing, \'93Hell, I should have known I\'92d heard that name somewhere before. God damn my foolishness.\'94\
\'93What was his name,\'94 asked Faria.\
\'93The Honourable James Vane,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, cursing violently, \'93God damn it all. The judge was Dr. Allen.\'94}