{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Years Ago\
\
\'93How can you be so sure?\'94 asked the Priest, \'93How is that even possible? How can this man be both doctor and judge?\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Keep in mind that Dr. Allen was a mad genius. Even before his personality was apparently altered by his own pharmaceutical concoction, there were aspects of his personality that were inexplicably insane. For example, he never allowed anyone to see his real face. Even when he was working as military scientist, he wore that strange mask upon his face. It was tolerated, of course, because of his unmatched intellect. Still, I hold to the theory that in spite of his intelligence, someone else was pulling the strings, if not at first, then at least after he was forced to take his own drugs.\'94\
\'93I suppose it\'92s possible,\'94 said the priest, pausing to formulate his words as was his habit. \'93I suppose it\'92s possible that he was put into a position of power by this unknown figure who was, as you say, pulling the strings. All he had to do was remove his mask and abandon the name associated with his crimes, and he would be as anonymous as you or me.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, bitterly, \'93No one would recognize him without his mask. He was free to hide in plain sight.\'94\
\'93Hm,\'94 said the priest, nodding. \'93Yes,\'94 he said, \'93It\'92s a perfectly reasonable theory.\'94\
\'93To think,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93That I would be arrested by Dr. Allen for his own crimes.\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the Priest, \'93It\'92s a bit like your cards predicted, isn\'92t it? It was your own obsession with the doctor that led you to be tangled up in this mess, wasn\'92t it?\'94\
\'93But I agreed to give that up,\'94 Mr. Sinews protested.\
\'93And it\'92s not too late to do so,\'94 said the priest, \'93Even now, I can see it in your eyes. The path of vengeance never ends well.\'94\
\'93I can\'92t give up,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Not now. Not after what he\'92s done to me.\'94\
\'93There is an old proverb,\'94 said Faria, \'93that says, \'91Before you embark on a journey of revenge, you should dig two graves.\'92\'94\
Mr. Sinews laughed. \'93You\'92re right,\'94 he said, \'93If I can only determine who it is that\'92s pulling the strings, I will dig a grave for Dr. Allen\'92s accomplice as well.\'94\
\'93That\'92s not what I meant,\'94 said Faria. He sighed. \'93Still, I can think of worse sins than the ones you\'92re contemplating.\'94\
\'93Killing a man who deserves to die is not a sin. It is justice,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
\'93Only God decides who deserves to die,\'94 Faria countered, \'93Still, this Doctor must be stopped. And his accomplice as well, or his crimes will continue. I suppose it makes little difference if he is stopped in the name of vengeance or justice.\'94\
\'93You agree, then? Dr. Allen has to die.\'94\
\'93There\'92s still one little thing in the way of that,\'94 said the priest.\
\'93The prison,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Which reminds me. You still haven\'92t told me. Why I\'92m here.\'94\
\'93I told you\'97\'94\
\'93No,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93I mean, if I\'92m politically dangerous, why didn\'92t they just hang me?\'94\
\'93Like I said. You\'92re an innocent man. They know it, just as you do.\'94\
\'93I can\'92t possibly be here to alleviate their guilty conscience,\'94 he said.\
\'93No, you\'92re here to be silenced,\'94 said the priest, \'93And nothing silences a man like shutting him away where his voice can\'92t be heard. Hanging a man. Now, that requires explanation. You can\'92t just hang a man without all of London knowing about it and bringing their children along to watch the spectacle. Hanging a man doesn\'92t silence him. As far as anyone out there is concerned, Mr. Sinews, you escaped. And by the way, you are Doctor Allen now.\'94\
Mr. Sinews clenched his fists. \'93That all makes sense, Father,\'94 he said, \'93But I still can\'92t grasp why I wasn\'92t simply killed discretely. The only thing I can think of is that they want me alive.\'94\
The priest nodded, as if her were satisfied that Mr. Sinews was thinking for himself again. He dug back into his porridge and disappeared into the shadows. \'93I don\'92t have all the answers, Mr. Sinews,\'94 he said, \'93Only some of them. You\'92re right that they want you alive, though. They wouldn\'92t go to all this trouble keeping you here otherwise.\'94\
\'93But why?\'94 he asked.\
\'93If you want my advice, Mr. Sinews,\'94 said the priest, \'93Get up early every morning and stretch. Keep your body limber. Not only will it help to keep you sane, but it may also be instrumental to the means of your escape.\'94\
\'93Escape,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, latching onto the word, \'93Yes, yes. Tell me more about escape.\'94}