{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Years Ago\
\
Parson woke from his sleep to discover that the world was shaking with the tremendous force of an earthquake. At first he thought that he\'92d woken from one dream and had gotten caught in another.\
But he had not. The world around him was rocking back and forth, the floor beneath him unsteady.\
\'93Priest,\'94 he whispered, \'93Are you awake?\'94\
The priest groaned. \'93I am now,\'94 he complained.\
The priest got out of bed and moved unsteadily across the floor toward the bars that separated them. \'93Whoa,\'94 he said, losing his balance and nearly falling to the ground.\
\'93What\'92s going on?\'94 Parson asked, his voice still instinctively a whisper because of the intense darkness. From the window in Faria\'92s cell, he saw flashes of light that must have been lightning, but of course he could not see out. \'93Are we at sea?\'94 he wondered, \'93Is this a floating prison?\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 said the priest, \'93So you\'92ve noticed. The ground beneath our feet is unsteady as a ship in a storm, eh, young man?\'94\
\'93Yes, well, I\'92d like to know what\'92s going on,\'94 said Parson, a bit harshly.\
\'93Yes, I suppose you would,\'94 said Faria, not taking offence, \'93You\'92ve noticed the floors of the prison moving before, haven\'92t you? Thought it was your mind playing tricks on you? It wasn\'92t.\'94\
\'93We are at sea then?\'94 Sinews asked, getting out of bed and trying to get a better look at the flashes of lightning through Faria\'92s window. \'93We\'92re in some sort of floating prison?\'94\
\'93After a fashion, I suppose, yes,\'94 said the Priest, \'93Why don\'92t you come over here and take a look?\'94\
Parson laughed. \'93Now I know why they call you the Mad Priest,\'94 he said, \'93It wouldn\'92t be called a prison if I could just leave my cell.\'94\
\'93Even the most secure of prisons has its faults,\'94 said the priest, \'93Why not let this be an opportunity to prepare for your eventual escape? You\'92ve been stretching, each morning, as I advised, have you not?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93I have. Although I fail to see what that has to do with anything.\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 said the priest, gesturing to the food slot in Mr. Sinews\'92 cell door, \'93Why don\'92t you see if you can fit through that door?\'94\
Mr. Sinews laughed. \'93You 
\i are
\i0  insane,\'94 he exclaimed. \'93You want me to fit through that tiny slot in the door?\'94\
\'93Tiny?\'94 said the priest, \'93It\'92s really not so small as that, is it? Big enough to fit your head through, anyway, and once your head and shoulders slide through, getting the rest of your body through should not prove too difficult. Especially considering how thin you\'92ve gotten, starved on prison rations as you are.\'94\
\'93Making the vast leap of logic that it might be plausible,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93What about the guards?\'94\
\'93Surely by now you\'92ve come to have some sense of their routine,\'94 said Faria, \'93You know exactly how often and how long it takes them to make their rounds, don\'92t you?\'94\
\'93I suppose I do,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
\'93Well then,\'94 said the priest, \'93What are you waiting for?\'94\
He stared at the priest, lit by lightning, and shook his head, laughing at himself. \'93I must be as mad as you are, old man,\'94 he said.\
\'93Madder,\'94 said the priest.\
Mr. Sinews moved away from his constant companion and toward the door on his cell. He slid the metal grate open and peered into the slot in the door. As he continued to stare at it, with the floor moving beneath him and the dark lightening in intermittent flashes of sudden brightness, the absurdity of it took hold of him, until he began to laugh.\
It was uncontrollable. Impossible to stop. \'93Yes,\'94 he said, laughing hysterically, \'93I must be. I must be mad as a hatter.\'94\
\'93We all have our moments,\'94 said the priest.\
Eventually, the laughter died down. \'93Well then,\'94 he said, \'93It\'92s difficult to judge the time of day with this storm overhead, but I suspect I have at least an hour before the guards make their next round.\'94}