{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Always apply the titles when making introductions where the persons are entitled to the same, such as Honorable, Reverend, Professor, etc. Thus, in introducing a clergyman to a member of the legislature, it is etiquette to say: \'93Mr. Sheldon, permit me to present to you the Reverend Mr. Wing.\'94\
Addressing Mr. Shelden, he says: \'93Mr. Wing is the pastor of the First Presbyterian Church at Troy, New York.\'94\
Addressing Mr. Wing, he continues: \'93Mr. Shelden is at present our representative in the State Legislature, and author of 
\i The Shelden Letters
\i0  which you have so admired.\'94\
To approach another in a boisterous manner, saying, \'93Hello, Old Fellow!,\'94 \'93Hello, Bob,\'94 or using kindred expressions, indicates ill-breeding. If approached, however, in this vulgar manner, it is better to give a civil reply, and address the person respectfully, in which case he is quite likely to be ashamed of his own conduct.\
Husbands and wives indicate pleasant conjugal relation existing when they address each other in the family circle by their Christian names, though the terms of respect, \'93Mr.\'94 And \'93Mrs.,\'94 may be applied to each other among strangers.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 General Rules of Etiquette
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Never point at another person\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never wantonly frighten others\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never make yourself the hero of your own story\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never pick your teeth or clean your nails in company\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never question a servant or a child about family matters\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never read letters which you may find addressed to others\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never call attention to the features or form of anyone present\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never seem to notice a scar, deformity, or defect of anyone present\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
When speaking to a boy under fifteen years of age, outside of the circle of relatives, among comparative strangers, call him by his Christian name, such as \'93Charles,\'94 \'93William,\'94 etc.\
Above that age, if the boy has attained good physical and intellectual development, apply the \'93Mr.\'94 As in \'93Mr. Brown,\'94 \'93Mr. King,\'94 etc. To do so will please him, will raise his self-respect, and will be tendering a courtesy which you highly valued when you were of the same age.\
It is an insult to address a boy or girl who is a stranger to you as \'93Bub\'94 or \'93Sis.\'94 Children are sometimes very sensitive on these points, resenting such method of being addressed, while they very highly appreciate being spoken to respectfully. Thus, if the child\'92s name is unknown, to say \'93My Boy,\'94 or \'93My Little Lad,\'94 \'93My Girl,\'94 or \'93My Little Lady,\'94 will be to gain favor and set the child a good example in politeness. Children forever gratefully remember those who treat them respectfully.\
The inferior is to be introduced to the superior; the younger to the older; the gentleman to the lady.\
To shake hands when introduced is optional; between gentlemen it is common, and oftentimes between an elderly and a young person. It is not common between an unmarried lady and a gentleman, a slight bow between them when introduced being all that etiquette requires. The married lady will use her discretion when introduced to gentlemen.\
Ladies being introduced should never bow hastily, but with slow and measured dignity.\
If you are a gentleman, do not let the lack of an introduction prevent you from rendering services to any unattended lady who may need them.\
To completely ignore another to whom you have been rightly introduced, by meeting the person with a vacant stare, is a mark of ill-breeding.}