{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Mr. Sinews estimated that he had about six inches of room through which to squeeze his entire body. He began by leaning on his back and reaching one arm through the gap. He then pushed himself backward with his legs, squeezing his head into the slot, twisting it to one side so that it just barely fit.\
\'93Suppose I become stuck,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93That suddenly seems a definite possibility.\'94\
\'93Well, I suppose you will have about an hour before the guards come and extricate you,\'94 said the priest, \'93And I imagine they will decrease the size of the gap shortly thereafter.\'94\
Mr. Sinews grimaced and, with the arm on the other side of the door, pulled himself further through the slot. He twisted his body so that his shoulders could squeeze through the gap.\
\'93You can\'92t possibly imagine how uncomfortable this is,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, wincing as lightning flashed and his cell shook violently. Thunder boomed, and Mr. Sinews groaned, struggling to push himself through the slot, one inch at a time.\
Eventually, he managed to squeeze his head and shoulders through the gap, and though he breathed a sigh of relief, it was hardly over. Faria had been right. That would be the hard part of the ordeal. But squeezing his chest and legs through the gap would not be easy work.\
Twisting his body until it was painful, he silently breathed a thank you to Faria for insisting upon his daily regimen of stretching each morning, without which his escape from his cell would not be merely uncomfortable but impossible.\
He squeezed his second arm through the gap. Finally, exhaling all the air from his lungs, he forced his chest painfully through. He sucked in his gut, and forced his stomach through the hole, sliding himself along the still-shaking floor.\
Finally, and much to his own surprise, he managed to slide his legs the rest of the way through.\
He should have felt relieved at that, but then he recalled that he\'92d only broken out of his own cell in order to break into Faria\'92s.\
}