{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 There was a moment or two when Mr. Sinews continued not slipping through the slot in Faria\'92s door but instead using the opportunity of having escaped his cell to pursue an escape on a grander scale.\
\'93What\'92s to stop me from leaving this prison altogether?\'94 he whispered to the priest.\
\'93Well,\'94 said the the priest, heading to the door of his own cell, where Mr. Sinews stood, looking in. \'93You\'92ve done it,\'94 he said, \'93That was neatly done.\'94\
\'93I said\'97\'94\
\'93I heard you,\'94 said the priest. \'93Having had but a taste of freedom, now you want the world. Well, I can\'92t say I blame you. I\'92d like nothing more than to rush out the door myself. But I would advise you against that sort of recklessness. You are young, Mr. Sinews. You will have your freedom. But it will take time, and planning, and cunning. I think you\'92ll see what I mean when you have looked outside the window and seen what sort of prison this truly is.\'94\
Mr. Sinews listened to the priest\'92s words, but it was difficult to be mindful of them, when he was not in his cell. How easy it would be to slip out unnoticed. The guards would hardly be a problem, they were so few in number and so seldom did they check on the prisoners.\
But then, if they really were on a ship, what would he do when he managed to sneak outside, even if it could be done as easily as he managed? Swim to shore? In the midst of a storm? It was pride and arrogance that had gotten him into this mess in the first place.\
\'93Fine,\'94 he said. He stooped over and slid the food door open. Once more, he put his newly acquired flexibility to good use, and forced his way beneath the tiny opening. Finally, he emerged inside the priest\'92s cell, and felt that now familiar but nonetheless overwhelming sensation of claustrophobia.\
Still, he couldn\'92t help but smiling, as he stood there in the presence of his fellow inmate and companion. After all this time, a close look at the old man\'92s face.\
It was as genial as it had been from further away, wrinkled and tired, but it was comforting in its familiarity. He reached out a hand, and the priest took it in his own, and returned the smile.\
\'93You\'92d best have a look out the window, Mr. Sinews,\'94 said the priest, \'93I\'92d rather not be caught with a visitor in my cell.\'94\
Mr. Sinews nodded, and moved away from the priest and toward the window. He dragged the old man\'92s wooden bed toward the wall, and climbed up for a better view of the world outside the rain-streaked glass.\
Looking out, he very quickly discovered why the storm seemed so close, and why the floor seemed so unsteady.\
There were thick black storm clouds raging outside, and periodically, flashes of lightning followed by deafening thunder. But he was forced to fight off the unnerving sensation that the world had been flipped upside down. The clouds were beneath them.\
\'93Do you see, Mr. Sinews?\'94 said the priest.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he replied. \'93We\'92re in an airship, aren\'92t we? A dirigible prison?\'94}