{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Years Ago\
\
Mr. Sinews spent each morning in his cell as productively as he could manage. He would begin each day following Faria\'92s advice, spending an hour at a time stretching his aching muscles. He would sit on his bed each time the guards made their rounds and stare at the walls like a man who\'92s lost his grip on reality. Sometimes he would talk to himself when they passed by, in order to really sell the illusion.\
When they reached they end of the hall and rounded the corner, he would raise the door to the slot in his door, careful not to let the metal resonate too loudly, and slip out of his cell and into Faria\'92s. It was becoming easier over time, his body becoming thinner and more flexible with each day.\
Faria eventually managed to procure a pocket watch that was reliable enough when he wound it twice a day, so it was easy enough to simply return to his own cell just before the guards made their second trip around the prison\'92s halls. They were like clockwork.\
Once he was in Faria\'92s cell, he would assist the old man with the means of their escape. It was not a set of wings that Faria had in mind, as he had first assumed, but parachutes. He saw the logic in that. Parachutes, at least, had some history of success as a means of descent from hot air balloons. Still, it was risky to attempt it without the opportunity to sufficiently test their design, and especially from such a height as this. So it was understandable that the priest had demanded patience.\
The priest also made good on his promise of wisdom, though it was not the sort of wisdom Mr. Sinews had expected. The father had apparently been an expert swordsman in his youth, and he taught Mr. Sinews how to fight with a pair of canes he had managed to obtain some years after his imprisonment and kept stored beneath his bed.\
Sinews was a quick study, and he was eager to learn, as it was routine, exercise, companionship, and stimulation of the mind which kept him sane in spite of his circumstances. That, and the ever-present thought that he would eventually be free. And when he finally was, he would have his vengeance.}