{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Months Ago\
\
Mr. Sinews would hardly have recognized himself if he\'92d had a mirror to catch his reflection. His hair and his beard had grown long and unruly. He smelt of filth and sweat. His skin was dirty, his fingernails rough and cracked. He was thin and sickly looking.\
But the priest, his ever-present friend and fellow prisoner. He knew that man\'92s face better than his own. He knew the man\'92s voice, even in utter darkness. He knew the sound of his breathing.\
So Mr. Sinews had known for a while now that Faria was becoming sick. He\'92d noticed the change in the quality of the old man\'92s voice, noticed him becoming thinner, until his appearance was practically skeletal. He\'92d sacrificed portions of his own rations, sometimes entire meals, in his attempt at keeping the priest healthy.\
But as time moved on, he knew that his friend\'92s condition was worsening, not improving. He needed proper medical treatment, but that was impossible, here in the prison. And the priest would not survive their daring skydive to the earth below, not in his condition.\
There was little that could be done for his friend, except to wait and watch as he grew increasingly more sick.\
When Faria\'92s breathing stopped, Mr. Sinews knew it instantly. He could hear the silence from his adjacent cell.\
He ran to their adjoining wall, grasped the iron bars, and peered into the darkness, where Faria lay, unmoving, in his bed.\
\'93Guards!\'94 Sinews shouted.\
And when no one answered he began to bang on the bars with the cane that the priest had given him for his sword training. \'93Somebody!\'94 he called, \'93Please help!\'94\
Eventually, the guards came strolling down the hall, as infuriatingly slow as they could manage.\
\'93What\'92s all the fuss?\'94 said one of the guards.\
\'93It\'92s the priest,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, gesturing frantically at the body of his deceased companion.\
\'93What?\'94 said the guard. \'93So, he\'92s sleeping?\'94\
\'93He isn\'92t sleeping,\'94 he protested. \'93He\'92s dead.\'94\
The other guard began to open the door of Faria\'92s cell.\
\'93Careful,\'94 said the first guard.\
Mr. Sinews groaned. \'93Careful?\'94 he said, his voice bordering on hysteria. \'93What\'92s he going to do? Spring back to life and bite you?\'94\
\'93Quiet,\'94 the guard warned.\
Mr. Sinews could only step back and wait, as the guards cautiously went into the old priest\'92s cell.\
\'93Well?\'94 he demanded.\
\'93Well,\'94 said the guard, \'93He\'92s dead alright.\'94\
\'93We\'92ll be right back,\'94 said the other guard. \'93You just stay right there.\'94\
They both laughed as they abandoned Faria\'92s body on his bed.}