{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A few moments later, the guards returned with a large black bag, into which they unceremoniously shoved Faria\'92s body.\
\'93Well,\'94 said the first guard. \'93What now? Toss him out to sea?\'94\
\'93Suppose we\'92d best ask,\'94 said the second.\
When they\'92d gone again, locking the cell as if they still expected him to wake, Mr. Sinews was quick to act, in spite of his grief at the loss of his friend.\
He slid open the food slot in his own door and with the ease that comes with practice, slid himself through the narrow opening and into the hall. A few moments later, he was in Faria\'92s own cell, standing over the body of his friend.\
\'93I\'92m sorry, old man,\'94 he said, as he pulled the man\'92s body out of the bag.\
Quickly, and in spite of his great affection for the man, roughly, he climbed out of the cell the way he\'92d come in, dragging Faria\'92s body with him.\
Again, he crawled back into his own cell, bringing the priest with him. Pulling the sheets from his bed, he picked up the body of his friend, which had gotten impossibly light with his sickness and malnourishment, and placed him into the bed. He covered the priest\'92s body with his sheets, and hurried back out of his cell, just as he heard the guards voices resounding from around the corner.\
Rushing now, he crawled back into Faria\'92s cell, pushed himself through it more quickly than he\'92d ever done, and scrambled to grab the parachute from under the bed as the voices rounded the corner and approached the cell.\
He climbed into the body bag, taking the parachute with him, sealing himself into darkness and the smell of death.\
He heard footsteps drawing nearer, the jangling of keys, the creak of a metal door seldom opened, the voices of the guards, and then, he felt their rough hands groping him. He reminded himself to be perfectly still, as they lifted him and carried him out of the room.}