{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Weeks Ago\
\
There was a knock at the door.\
\'93Now, who could that be?\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93Go and see,\'94 said Lachesis.\
\'93Could be a customer,\'94 said Clotho.\
\'93At this hour?\'94 said Atropos, \'93Idiot.\'94\
Clotho frowned. \'93Well, it could be,\'94 she said.\
\'93Won\'92t somebody answer the door?\'94 asked Lachesis.\
\'93You answer it,\'94 Clotho whined, \'93I always answer it.\'94\
\'93Idiots,\'94 Atropos growled, sweeping away from them and heading toward the door.\
\'93What\'92s 
\i she 
\i0 so upset about?\'94 asked Clotho.\
Lachesis shrugged.\
The door swung open, bells jingling.\
\'93We were wondering when we\'92d see you again,\'94 said Atropos.\
\'93Who is it?\'94 Clotho demanded. She moved along the shadows in the room, toward the door.\
\'93Why were you wondering? Could you not simply look into the future and see?\'94 asked Parson Sinews.\
\'93We could have,\'94 said Atropos, \'93But why ruin the surprise? Won\'92t you come inside?\'94\
She stepped aside so he could enter the tea house. He stepped inside and allowed the door to close behind him. Atropos pulled a chair out for him and sat down.\
\'93Lachesis, grab our guest a bottle of absinthe, won\'92t you?\'94 she said, \'93And perhaps some food. He looks practically starved to death.\'94\
\'93Thank you,\'94 he said graciously.\
\'93Hm,\'94 said his host, \'93Such manners. You\'92ve changed, Mr. Sinews.\'94\
\'93I have,\'94 he admitted.\
\'93What brings you back here, after all this time, Mr. Sinews?\'94 asked Lachesis, pouring a glass of absinthe for him. He drank greedily from it like a child being given his first glass of liquor.\
\'93I won\'92t take much of your time,\'94 he told her.\
\'93You haven\'92t given up your quest for vengeance,\'94 said Lachesis, \'93After all this time.\'94\
\'93Of course he hasn\'92t,\'94 said Clotho, \'93Vengeance is sweet.\'94\
\'93No,\'94 said Mr. Sinews without any of his former charm or grace, \'93I have not. And I can\'92t. Not now. Not after all that\'92s happened.\'94\
Atropos refilled his drink and slid it back across the table to him. \'93What do you need us to do?\'94 she asked, uncommonly gently.\
\'93You mentioned something about a recipe.\'94\
He drank the second glass of absinthe, more quickly than he ought to have. After all this time without it, he could hardly recall how potent alcohol could be, and he wasn\'92t quite sure he cared, either. Right now, freedom tasted of anise.\
Clotho grinned, ear to ear at the mention of the recipe.\
\'93Oh,\'94 she said, looking at her elder sister. \'93Can we? Can we really?\'94\
\'93Fine,\'94 said Atropos. She looked at Mr. Sinews sternly. \'93We won\'92t kill them for you,\'94 she said, \'93But we can give you the means to find them.\'94\
\'93How does it work?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Clotho.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Clotho, taking a seat at the table across from Mr. Sinews and taking a swig of absinthe straight from the bottle. \'93It\'92s simple,\'94 she said, stifling a belch, \'93You just need three things.\'94\
She slid the bottle back to him, and he topped off his glass once more.\
\'93The first,\'94 she said, \'93Is leeches.\'94\
\'93Leeches,\'94 he repeated.\
\'93Yes,\'94 she said, \'93But they\'92ll have to be filled to their bursting point with blood.\'94\
\'93I take it this is not a recipe for cake.\'94\
\'93No, Mr. Sinews,\'94 said Clotho, giggling furiously. \'93No, it\'92s not cake.\'94\
Alice and Dorothy hissed their agreement. So the absinthe must have been doing its work. A spider danced under the fabric of Clotho\'92s robe.\
\'93Alright,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93So, the first ingredient is blood-filled leeches. What\'92s the second?\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 she said, grinning happily. \'93The next ingredient is absinthe.\'94\
\'93Here,\'94 said Lachesis, handing him a fresh bottle.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Clotho with an overzealous laugh. \'93It\'92s got to be the good stuff,\'94 she said.\
\'93Right,\'94 he said, \'93Leeches. Absinthe.\'94\
\'93And pumpkins,\'94 said Clotho.\
\'93Pumpkins?\'94 he repeated.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Clotho, \'93It\'92s strange, I know. But the pumpkins are key.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Lachesis, getting up and fetching something from within the shadows of the darkly lit tea house. \'93You hollow it out, like this.\'94\
\'93Yes, and you pour the absinthe into it.\'94\
Lachesis handed him the hollowed pumpkin. It was strangely pale and white as snow. When he held it close to the light, it was oddly translucent.\
\'93And then you add the leeches,\'94 Clotho added.\
\'93And then I drink it?\'94 Mr. Sinews asked.\
Atropos nodded without sharing in her sister\'92s unbridled enthusiasm.\
\'93What does it do?\'94\
\'93You\'92ll see,\'94 said Clotho.\
\'93Whose blood do I use?\'94\
\'93That\'92s up to you,\'94 said Atropos. \'93You\'92ve had a lot of time to contemplate, haven\'92t you? If you\'92re still looking for Dr. Allen, you\'92ll have to ask his accomplices where to find him, won\'92t you?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
\'93And have you figured out who they are?\'94\
\'93As you said, I\'92ve had a lot of time to sit and think,\'94 he told her.\
She smiled. \'93Well then,\'94 she said, \'93Is there anything else we can do for you?\'94\
\'93You can tell me where I can find leeches,\'94 he said.\
\'93Why don\'92t you ask your friend,\'94 said Clotho. \'93The apothecary.\'94\
\'93Ocelot,\'94 he said in surprise.\
\'93Yes,\'94 she said, a large spider crawling upon her cheek.\
\'93He\'92s not that kind of apothecary,\'94 he said.\
\'93You\'92ve been away for a few years,\'94 she told him, \'93His wares have changed somewhat. He\'92s a procurer of specialty items. Not just opium and cocaine and women, but other things now, too. He\'92ll have what you need.\'94\
\'93Alright,\'94 he said.\
\'93Oh,\'94 she said, when he got up to leave. \'93Ask him about the scars.\'94}