{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Now\
\
As instructed, he\'92d spoken with H.C. Ocelot, who\'92d given him a jar of leeches and told him about the scars.\
It was the scars told him where to go.\
They told him to go to Bernhardt\'92s. And that is where he went.\
\'93Hello, Parson,\'94 Bernhardt sneered.\
\'93Dr. Bernhardt,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
Taking his cane casually in one hand, he struck Bernhardt repeatedly. The man cried out in protest, but Mr. Sinews was relentless. He stepped inside Mr. Bernhardt\'92s residence and closed the door.\
He slashed Bernhardt\'92s face with his knife.\
He then extracted his jar of leeches, placed the largest of the leeches on Bernhardt\'92s face and waited patiently as the leech sucked the blood from his adversary\'92s face.\
Bernhardt screamed.\
\'93How did you find me?\'94 he demanded. \'93How did you know who I was?\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93I had a lot of time to sit and contemplate. I started thinking about Dr. Allen\'92s pseudonym. George Allen. There was something so simple about the name, so common, the familiarity of it was maddening. Then it dawned on me where he\'92d gotten the name. George Chapman was a notorious serial killer, a poisoner apparently suspected in the Jack Ripper Case. Viola Allen, the American actress.\'94\
Bernhardt spat and kicked at his captor as the leeches sucked on his blood, but Mr. Sinews held tight.\
\'93Then I started thinking about who Dr. Allen\'92s accomplices might have been, I must have gone over every single name of every man and woman I\'92ve ever known. You see, I had all the time in the world. Jack the Ripper. Sara Bernhardt. Your name was even more obvious than Dr. Allen\'92s.\'94\
When the leeches were finished, he plucked them from Bernhardt\'92s face and placed them into the hollow gourd.\
\'93Of course, it was Mr. Ocelot that confirmed my theory,\'94 said Mr. Sinews. \'93He told me about the scars that you gave him. Of course, he didn\'92t recognize your face when he met you all those years ago in the tea shop. But he did tell me what you said to him, about the mask.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 he said.\
\'93You told him, apparently, why you wore the mask. He\'92d thought it was simply to terrify your victims. But it wasn\'92t. You wore the mask because you were afraid your patients wouldn\'92t respect you, given your age. You said that your patients would be more comfortable with a man in a mask than a doctor as young as seventeen. That\'92s how I knew that it was not Doctor Allen that had given Ocelot the scars. It had to be someone else, someone much younger. There had to be a second man in the crow\'92s mask. An impostor.\'94\
\'93You\'92re wrong,\'94 Bernhardt protested, \'93You\'92re wrong!\'94\
\'93Oh?\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
\'93Dr. Allen copied me,\'94 he sneered bitterly. \'93I was the first to wear the crow\'92s mask. Everything about that man, every aspect of his fame, it was all my doing. In fact,\'94 Bernhardt added, \'93He didn\'92t even want to do those acts that made him famous. Those works of genius for which he was so lauded, the credit should go to me. I was the one who gave him the power.\'94\
\'93What do you mean?\'94 asked Mr. Sinews.\
\'93Man is weak,\'94 said Bernhardt, \'93Limited not by the power of his imagination, but by his capacity for evil. Take away his inhibitions and he will be truly powerful. I gave him that power.\'94\
\'93So it\'92s true,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93The behaviour-altering concoction I spoke of. You gave it to Dr. Allen, after all?\'94\
But Dr. Allen simply laughed. He\'92d gone insane with the frustration of being discovered by Mr. Sinews and with the anger that he still felt toward Dr. Allen who\'92d stolen his genius and claimed it as his own.\
\'93There are other ways to find out,\'94 said Mr. Sinews. He poured the absinthe into the pumpkin, and he watched it turn black as the red and green of blood and absinthe blended in a hiss of steam.\
He grimaced at the horrid smell that emanated from the glass, and drank as the white pumpkin turned red with blood. It tasted like liquorice and nickel, and it was warm and thick in his mouth, but he drank it down, fighting off the instinct to gag on the foul substance.}