{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 To acquire the art of conversation in a superior degree, there must be intimacy with those who possess refinements and general information. There must also be observed certain general rules in order to accomplish the best results, prominent among which are the following:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Be cool, collected, and self-possessed, using respectful, chaste, and appropriate language\
{\listtext	\'95	}Recollect that the object of conversation is to entertain and amuse\
{\listtext	\'95	}Be patient. The foreigner cannot, perhaps, recall the word he desires; the speaker may be slow of speech; you may have heard the story a dozen times; but even then you must evince interest and listen patiently through\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not always commence a conversation by an allusion to the weather.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not, when narrating an incident, continually say \'93you see,\'94 \'93you know,\'94 etc.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not use profanity, vulgar terms, slang, phrases, words of double meaning, or language that will bring the blush to any person\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not intersperse your language with foreign words and high-sounding terms. It shows affectation, and will draw ridicule upon you.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not make a pretense of gentility, nor parade the fact that you are a descendant of any notable family. You must pass for just what you are, and must stand on your own merit.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not make a parade of being acquainted with distinguished or wealthy people, or having been to college, or of having visited foreign lands. All this is no evidence of any real genuine worth on your part.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not use the surname alone when speaking of your husband or wife to others. To say to another, that \'93I told Jones,\'94 referring to your husband, sounds badly, whereas, to say, \'93I told Mr. Jones,\'94 shows respect and good breeding.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not attempt to pry into the private affairs of others by asking what their profits are, what things cost, whether Melissa ever \'93had a beau,\'94 and why Amarette never got married.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not aspire to be a great storyteller. An inveterate teller of long stories becomes very tiresome. To tell one or two witty, short, new stories, appropriate to the occasion, is about all that one person should inflict on the company.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not indulge in satire; no doubt you are witty, and you could say a most cutting thing that would bring the laugh of the company upon your opponent, but you must not allow it, unless to rebuke an impertinent fellow who can be suppressed in no other way.\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 General Rules of Etiquette
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Never punish your child for a fault to which you are addicted yourself.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never, when traveling abroad, be over-boastful in praise of your own country.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never lend an article you have borrowed unless you have permission to do so\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never exhibit anger, impatience, or excitement when an accident happens.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never will a gentleman allude to conquest which he may have made with ladies.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never fail to offer the easiest and best seat in the room to an invalid, an elderly person, or a lady.}