{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Having swallowed enough of the Moirae\'92s concoction to begin feeling its effects, Mr. Sinews picked up his cane and bludgeoned Dr. Bernhardt to death with it.\
\'93Well,\'94 he said, \'93Glad that\'92s over.\'94\
Then he keeled over in pain as his stomach protested against the foul substance he\'92d just drunk. His head swum. He felt as if he were about to black out.\
And then he did.\
When his head hit the floor, he was filled with Dr. Bernhardt\'92s memories. All of them, rushing in at once.\
Suddenly he knew the identity of Dr. Allen, he knew what Dr. Bernhardt had had for dinner that evening, he knew that Bernhardt had worked for The Agency, he knew exactly where to find Dr. Allen.\
And he knew that Rachelle Singe had been Dr. Bernhardt\'92s accomplice, that she\'92d been a scientist, that she\'92d lied to him throughout their entire relationship. The pain of it stabbed through him like a knife, even as Dr. Bernhardt\'92s memories continued to rush through his mind all at once.\
\'93That bitch,\'94 he said angrily, as he saw, in Dr. Bernhardt\'92s memories, her familiar face, conspiring with Dr. Bernhardt and Dr. Allen to frame him in order to get him to stop pursuing the Dr. Allen case.\
\'93He\'92s too persistent,\'94 said Rachelle, \'93He\'92ll never give it up. Not even for me.\'94\
\'93You\'92ve got to make him,\'94 said Dr. Allen.\
\'93I\'92ve tried,\'94 she said.\
\'93He knows too much already,\'94 said Dr. Bernhardt, \'93We\'92ve got to do something about him.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Rachelle, \'93We\'92ll frame him for my murder.\'94\
\'93What? Are you insane?\'94 said Dr. Allen.\
Bernhardt just laughed. \'93No, she\'92s brilliant,\'94 he said, \'93We\'92ll just bring her back after he\'92s in prison. That\'92s what the antidote is for.\'94\
\'93And what if it doesn\'92t work?\'94 said Dr. Allen.\
Bernhardt sneered. \'93You\'92re too soft,\'94 he said, \'93Even after we took my concoction. You were always still squeamish about your work.\'94\
\'93I\'92ve done horrid things,\'94 he said, \'93Things I wish could be undone. All because of that infernal concoction of yours. The only thing that keeps me going is that this is for the greater good.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Rachelle, smiling in a way that was terrifying to Mr. Sinews in that it was so familiar, yet this was not her usual smile. He had never seen her like this before. \'93It is progress. Science. The rest of the world would not understand it. Those who object to the progress of science must be destroyed by it.\'94}