{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Mr. O arrived at Dr. Bernhardt\'92s house, just as Mr. Sinews was leaving.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
\'93I don\'92t go by that name any more,\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93Right,\'94 said Mr. Sinews. \'93I knew that. I\'92ve just been given Dr. Bernhardt\'92s memories.\'94\
\'93Uh\'85\'94 said Mr. O.\
\'93Long story,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
\'93I see,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93Anyway, I\'92d hoped to find you here. We only just received word that you\'92d murdered him in his house weeks ago; I came on the off-chance that you hadn\'92t left yet.\'94\
\'93He hasn\'92t been dead for weeks,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Your source of information is flawed.\'94\
\'93Anyway, I\'92m off to Dr. Allen\'92s house. I know where he lives now, because it was in Dr. Bernhardt\'92s memories.\'94\
\'93Oh, that\'92s quite convenient,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93Shall we work together?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Why not? Oh, by the way, you don\'92t happen to have a dirigible, do you?\'94\
\'93Funny you should ask,\'94 said Mr. O, who gestured to the Penny Dreadful, which was floating just out of Mr. Sinews\'92 view. \'93Mr. Steen, could you lower a ladder or something?\'94 he shouted.\
\'93That isn\'92t Edward Steen, is it?\'94 asked Mr. Sinews as they climbed the ladder.\
\'93No,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93His son, Roderick Steen.\'94\
When they had climbed the ladder and safely boarded the Penny Dreadful, Mr. O made the necessary introductions.\
\'93Away we go,\'94 said Captain Merrick, who sailed the ship over London, all the way to Dr. Allen\'92s house.\
Quickly, they climbed down the ladder.\
\'9344 Allen\'92s Street,\'94 said Mr. O in disbelief, \'93So, he\'92s been here this whole time.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, \'93Hiding in plain sight.\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 said Ms. Monday. \'93Shall we?\'94\
\'93You do the honours,\'94 said Mr. O.\
So Ms. Monday kicked open the door.\
But when they stepped inside, they discovered that Dr. Allen was already dead.\
And standing over his body was Dr. Singe.\
She was just as she\'92d been in his nightmare. An eight-legged abomination. A mask sewn onto her face, made of bone and fur. But she was different now. Her voice was not a recording. It was really her, returned from the dead.\
\'93Hello, Parson,\'94 she said.\
\'93You do the honours,\'94 said Ms. Monday. She handed over her gun.\
\'93I\'92ve been waiting a long time for this,\'94 said Mr. Sinews, taking the pistol. He smiled sadly. \'93Goodbye, Rachelle,\'94 he said.\
\
The End}