{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Throughout the entirety of the first meeting of the Vigilance Committee, their hosts had remained elusive, swooping in and out of the shadows with a cup of tea with barely a word spoken and hoods drawn up over their faces. On the other hand, it was possible that Jonathan had simply failed to notice them, as he routinely did with the domestic staff. This time, by contrast, he noticed them straight away. It was difficult not to, given that the Tea House was otherwise empty.\
The hostesses, a trio of robed women, bickering and gossiping amongst themselves as Jonathan and his crew entered the tea house, had the appearance of sisters. Each had the voice of someone whose lungs had been subjected to a lifetime\'92s worth of cigarettes, but they chattered amongst themselves excitedly like children. At last they noticed that Jonathan and his entourage had entered the Tea House, at which point they quieted and offered up an empty table. After taking their orders for tea, they disappeared, leaving Jonathan, Miss Monday, the Professor and the Captain, as well as Mr. Lockwood and Mr. Palmer, to their own devices.\
They centred themselves around a long wooden table, leaving several seats open for their expected guests. Jonathan kept a wary eye on their hosts while they worked. He sensed that there was something unusual about them, a mystery to them as deep as that surrounding the Resurrectionists. Then again, the mysterious aspect that surrounded them might very well have been affected, given that the sisters also maintained a business of reading fortunes. At any rate, Jonathan had more than enough on his mind as it was, without worrying about them. He wondered, though, if they should have chosen a different, more private venue in which to discuss things.\
He turned to Mr. Palmer.\
\'93I\'92ve been wondering,\'94 he said. \'93If the Lazarus Virus is airborne, how do the Resurrectionists intend to protect themselves from infection?\'94\
By way of answer, Abraham held up his mask. He passed it to Jonathan, who turned it over in his hands. Inside the beak-like protrusion of the mask was a rubber seal. A network of tubes, a filter. The plague mask was not merely symbolic of the Resurrectionist connection to crows, it was also a means of avoiding the plague.\
\'93A gas mask,\'94 said Jonathan, handing it back.\
Abraham nodded. \'93Why do you think I held on to it?\'94\
\'93So, what is it with the Resurrectionists and crows?\'94 asked Miss Monday.\
Abraham shrugged. \'93Certain animals possess a natural immunity to the virus. Carrion birds, for example.\'94\
Just then, the door swung open with a jingling of bells. A middle-aged woman swept into the room. The gentlemen stood up.\
\'93Mrs. Hatton,\'94 said Jonathan. He introduced her to the rest, and invited her to join them at the table.\
\'93How do you do, Mr. Grimmer?\'94 she said.\
Jonathan winced. \'93Mr. O, if you please,\'94 he said, gesturing meaningfully at the Moirae. \'93Best to stick with our assumed names, lest we be overheard, don\'92t you think?\'94 \
\'93That reminds me,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93Where does your pseudonym come from?\'94\
\'93My middle name is Oliver,\'94 he said.\
She smiled, showing her dimples at him. He frowned, feeling as though she was having a laugh at his expense. He returned his attention to Mrs. Hatton, who he knew only from their brief introduction at the previous meeting of the Vigilance Committee. He really didn\'92t know what to make of her interest in Dr. Allen.\
It was not long before the now-familiar sound of the bells announced the entrance of Edward Steen and Henry Charles Ocelot, who joined them at the table, after another round of introductions. Finally, the small talk drawn to a halt, as Mrs. Grimmer stepped into the little Tea House.\
\'93What is she doing here?\'94 Miss Monday demanded. She was on her feet in an instant, staring daggers at Jonathan\'92s mother.\
Mrs. Grimmer looked at Abraham Palmer.\
\'93You didn\'92t mention I\'92d be joining you?\'94 she asked.\
Palmer shrugged. \'93If I had, I don\'92t think she\'92d still be here.\'94\
Jonathan had to agree. He wasn\'92t entirely sure even he would still be here. Mrs. Grimmer was still his mother, sure, but she had a long way to go towards regaining his trust, if that was ever something he had with her. Nurturing, warm, maternal, not words that described Mrs. Grimmer, and Jonathan\'92s relationship with her was not close. Even to say that she\'92d raised him was a stretch. Jonathan had been raised by servants, really. Honestly, he wouldn\'92t have put it past her to have sided with the Resurrectionists, so long as there was money involved in the proposition. He regarded her cautiously.\
She wore a scowl on her face, her most constant expression. She turned to Jonathan, attempting to soften the expression into what she must have thought was a smile.\
\'93Son,\'94 she said.\
\'93Don\'92t you 
\i son
\i0  me,\'94 Jonathan retorted.\
\'93Very well,\'94 she said, abandoning her attempted facial expression in favour of the tried and true scowl. She took a seat at the table, and Mr. Steen shuffled his chair away from her. \'93Let\'92s skip the small talk.\'94}