{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel settled back into her seat. It was an effort to sit still, being in the same room as the horrible old woman who\'92d shot her with a tranquilizer dart laced with the Lazarus virus. Even if Annabel did 
\i seem
\i0  to be immune to the virus, it wasn\'92t a risk she\'92d wanted to take. So it was for Mr. O\'92s sake and his alone that Annabel resisted the urge to strangle his bitch of a mother.\
\'93This should be good,\'94 she said sarcastically.\
Mrs. Grimmer\'92s crinkled the corners of her lips upward and squinted. Annabel thought she might have been smiling. A moment later, the expression melted away.\
\'93Thank you all for coming,\'94 said Mrs. Grimmer as the tea arrived. She took a sip of it and scowled appreciatively. \'93You must be wondering why I\'92ve asked you all to meet here. To make a long story short, my late husband, Mr. Grimmer, was the founder of a top-secret agency known as The Hunting Society. The Hunting Society had one purpose: to protect the city of London from a deadly creature known as a zombie. A creature, once human, that now feeds on the flesh of the living.\'94\
\'93Ah, hell, must\'92ve had too much to drink again. I could\'92ve sworn you just said that there are zombies roaming the city, eating the living,\'94 said Edward Steen.\
Mrs. Grimmer nodded. \'93I did,\'94 she replied.\
Edward Steen swallowed. He looked down at his drink.\
\'93Shit,\'94 he said, and took another swig.\
\'93Now, just hold on one minute,\'94 said Mrs. Hatton. When the room quieted to listen, she seemed at a loss for what to say.\
Mrs. Grimmer sighed. \'93I knew we should have begun with small talk,\'94 she said.\
\'93Why was this virus kept secret?\'94 Annabel wanted to know. \'93Shouldn\'92t the general populace be warned about the existence of these creatures so that they might be better prepared to deal with them? Wouldn\'92t the police be better equipped to deal with the Resurrectionists?\'94\
Mrs. Grimmer nodded in her direction. \'93There are Resurrectionists within the police force. Members of parliament, even the monarchy. The Resurrectionists have planted their seeds everywhere,\'94 she said. \'93As for alerting the general population, that would have been ideal. However, it was Mr. Grimmer\'92s belief was that if man discovered anything sufficiently deadly, he would find a way to use it as a weapon. Electricity, fire, even gravity can be used as instruments of war. Disease is no exception. Disease can, and has, been used to great effect as weapon. The British Army had used it when they gave blankets contaminated with smallpox to the Native Americans. And during the times of the Black Death, plague corpses were used in warfare. Throughout history, there have been instances of contaminating wells with the diseased remains of infected animals. But 
\i this
\i0  disease, 
\i this
\i0  virus, if it were to be used as a weapon, as my husband feared, the devastation it would unleash would be beyond what anyone could imagine. Virulent in its effects, highly volatile, and incredibly contagious, the Lazarus Virus is unlike any other disease known to man.\'94\
\'93By god,\'94 said Mr. Lockwood.\
\'93Is that what\'92s happened then?\'94 said Mr. Ocelot, somehow one step ahead of the conversation. Given the extent of their social circles, it was surprising that their paths had never before crossed, but Annabel had of course heard of Henry Charles Ocelot. He was notorious. And now, she could see why. He was perceptive. \'93The Resurrectionists are planning to use this virus as a weapon?\'94\
\'93That's what we thought, at first,\'94 said Mrs. Grimmer. \'93They've been searching for a cure. My husband believed their plan was to unleash the virus, then sell the cure.\'94\
Mr. Ocelot nodded intelligently. \'93But now you believe differently?\'94 he said. \'93What are the Resurrectionists really planning?\'94\
Mr. Palmer took the lead here.\
\'93An experiment,\'94 he said. "They call it Project Dead London. An experiment intended to test the hypothesis that the infection rate for the virus is 
\i not
\i0  one hundred percent. They believe there are certain people who are actually immune.\'94\
\'93That cannot be all,\'94 said Mr. Ocelot.\
Squeezing a bit of lemon into her tea, Mrs. Grimmer answered the question. \'93The idea is that if immunity is possible, it might be possible to replicate it.\'94\
\'93If they can find people with immunity, they can create their cure?\'94 Annabel summarized.\
\'93More than that. The Lazarus Virus literally kills its hosts, before bringing them 
\i back
\i0 , so to speak. But zombies are still dead. If the virus can then be cured, the lucky individual will technically remain dead, and yet, they will regain control of their higher functions. Unable to age, to be afflicted by sickness, unable to die. No longer be zombies, yet no longer living. Essentially, they will have beaten death.\'94\
\'93By god!\'94 Mr. Lockwood exclaimed again.\
Annabel had to agree with that sentiment.\
\'93They're trying to cure death by killing millions of people? Bloody lunatic boffins," she muttered.\
\'93I have been working, in secret, along with Mr. Palmer, to undermine their efforts to put the Dead London project in motion, but my efforts thus far have proved fruitless. I believe a direct approach has become necessary, which is why I have organised this meeting. We must confront the Resurrectionists and put a stop to their plan.\'94\
\'93In that at least, we agree,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93The problem is that we don\'92t know their plan. Or rather, we know that they wish to spread the Lazarus Virus, and we now know why. What we don\'92t know is 
\i how.
\i0 \'94\
Mrs. Grimmer tilted her head and made a gesture with her hand as if to say, \'93Well\'85\'94\
\'93Ah. We 
\i do
\i0  know,\'94 he said with an apprehensive smile. \'93Well, then I suppose all we need is a counterstrategy. Or do you have that worked out as well?\'94\
Mrs. Grimmer repeated her hand gesture and gave an apologetic shrug.\
\'93Of course you do.\'94\
Much as Annabel disliked the woman, she had to give the woman a certain amount of begrudging respect. At least she was resourceful. The problem, of course, was that Annabel couldn\'92t believe a single word Mrs. Grimmer had to say. Annabel kept that thought to herself, however. She had put her trust in Mr. O, and if he wanted to trust Mrs. Grimmer, then she was willing to do the same, albeit cautiously.\
It was Mrs. Hatton, to Annabel\'92s pleasant surprise, that voiced her concerns as to Mrs. Grimmer\'92s intentions.\
\'93That is all very well and good,\'94 she said. \'93The problem, Mrs. Grimmer, is that you are asking us to believe quite a lot on faith. And as we have only very recently become acquaintances, how can we be certain that what you are telling us is the truth?\'94\
Mrs. Grimmer glared at Mrs. Hatton. The two of them made quite the pair. They were of an age. Mrs. Grimmer was tall and thin, while Mrs. Hatton was petite in stature but with a curvaceous figure. The both were dressed in skirts and petticoats, with pearls about their necks, and wide-brimmed hats trimmed with lace atop their heads. They could have been sisters, or cousins perhaps, but while Mrs. Grimmer wore a constantly furrowed brow and an arrogant sneer upon her lips, Mrs. Hatton had a pleasing facial expression. Evidently, the shorter, plumper Mrs. Hatton was sharper than she let on.\
\'93Honestly,\'94 Mrs. Grimmer replied coldly, \'93We don\'92t have time for this. I leave it entirely up to you. It seems I was wrong to expect you all to trust me, but I wonder, can you live with yourselves if it turns out that I was telling the truth and you did nothing to stop the Dead London experiment? When every man, woman, and child is a walking, hungry cadaver, will you not think to yourself, 
\i if only I had listened
\i0 ?\'94\
Mrs. Hatton was not to be deterred. \'93I hardly think that what I\'92m asking for is unreasonable,\'94 she said.\
\'93What 
\i are
\i0  you asking for?\'94 asked Mrs. Grimmer.\
\'93Answers,\'94 said Mrs. Hatton. \'93The society you described, which your husband founded. The Hunting Society, I believe you called it. They hunted zombies. But how did they discover these zombies in the first place?\'94\
Mrs. Grimmer looked at her son. Her mouth was still set in that condescending expression of hers, but in her eyes there was a hint of something more. Sadness, perhaps.\
\'93It\'92s a long story,\'94 she said.}