{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel turned to Abraham.\
\'93Did you know?\'94 she demanded.\
\'93Know what?\'94\
She lowered her pistol, but kept a firm grip on the scientist, and kept the other boffins in her sight. Threat lingered in her eyes, and the kept their wary distance. These were doctors, not soldiers. Even if they were brainwashed, they seemed likely not to intervene so long as she retained the upper hand.\
\'93
\i She
\i0  must have known,\'94 she said to Abraham. \'93I knew
\i  
\i0 not to trust that wretched woman.\'94\
\'93Mrs. Grimmer?\'94\
\'93She knew,\'94 Annabel insisted. \'93She knew we\'92d be too late, counted on it even. She led us to straight to the sites where the Lazarus Virus was to be spread, either to divert our attention or in the hopes that we\'92d be exposed. She led the pair of us straight into the den of snakes. She has been with them all along.\'94\
Abraham shook his head, speechless though there was something in Annabel\'92s words which must have stopped him from disagreeing. Perhaps a part of him had always suspected Mrs. Grimmer.\
\'93But she wasn\'92t brainwashed,\'94 he said at last. \'93Why would she\'85?\'94\
\'93Are you 
\i sure
\i0  she wasn\'92t? How can you tell? Would her brain have been scrambled like Dr. Simms\'92?\'94\
\'93Hey, watch how you speak about your elders and betters!\'94 Dr. Simms objected.\
\'93Elders, yes. Betters, my left tit!\'94 Annabel scoffed.\
She looked to Abraham for an answer.\
\'93Memory loss is one side effect, but not everyone seems to display that symptom. There are other, more obvious side effects to the drugs, however,\'94 he said. \'93Look here. Notice these red marks on his skin?\'94\
He gestured to the doctor. She could see the marks, like little red freckles that dotted his skin. \'93So, why would Mrs. Grimmer be in on it, without being brainwashed. It goes against everything her husband had stood for.\'94\
Annabel didn\'92t have an answer for that. But she did have an idea. She raised her pistol once more, pointed it at Dr. Simms once again.\
\'93What happens to a man who dies of the virus, supposing he is cured?\'94 she asked, directing her question not to the mad boffin but to the room. \'93Does he come back to life?\'94\
\'93Not exactly,\'94 said one of the scientists.\
\'93Explain,\'94 she said, gesturing with the gun.\
\'93Well, he would still be dead, technically, and yet not. He would likely regain his higher brain functions, his body would not rot. But as he would technically be dead, he would not age. He would be unbound by the ravages of time. That\'92s why this is so important,\'94 he explained, his passion increasing as he spoke.\
He moved closer, edging around the writhing bodies of the zombies while he talked. Annabel warned him off with the gun.\
\'93Important enough to risk killing every man, woman, and child in London?\'94 she exclaimed. She shook her head as if to clear it, like a dog shaking rain from its fur. \'93So that\'92s why Mrs. Grimmer agreed to this? Immortality?\'94\
She paused, straining to think, despite now knowing that there was no stopping the Dead London Project, that even as they spoke, the city was being destroyed by the virus. She pushed that thought aside and forced herself to think about Mrs. Grimmer. Think about why she would betray her son, betray the memory of her husband. Could she truly be so desperate for eternal life as a corpse?\
\'93No, there has to be more to it than that. It can\'92t be as simple as immortality, at least not for herself. For someone else, maybe, but\'85\'94\
\'93Jack,\'94 Dr. Simms muttered, his voice barely a whisper.\
Annabel leaned forward. \'93What was that?\'94\
He repeated it, once, then again, and added as clarification, \'93And his father, Dr. Allen.\'94\
Annabel paused. She looked at Abraham, then back at the doctor again, forgetting to hold him at gunpoint. She looked him straight in the eye.\
\'93Dr. Allen wasn\'92t Jack\'92s father,\'94 she said. \'93He was his mentor.\'94\
Dr. Simms had an odd expression on his face, as if for the first time he was capable of looking at her and remembering exactly who she was to him. The expression faded, and he returned to his usual bewildered self. Then, in another moment of brief clarity, he blurted out a reply.\
\'93Jack was Dr. Allen\'92s bastard. His mother was a married woman, so she was forced to give him away. The family that got him had been trying to have children of their own but couldn\'92t. A doctor and his wife. They took him in. Then the mother died, and the father grew to resent the boy. So he sent him away to live with his real father, also a doctor. He told the boy it was because Dr. Allen was a renowned surgeon, but the truth was that he simply didn\'92t want the boy.\'94\
\'93How do you know all this?\'94 Abraham demanded, startling the doctor.\
Annabel shushed him, putting a gentle hand on Dr. Simms shoulder.\
\'93Who was the mother?\'94 Annabel asked. And when he continued to look confused, she added, \'93The real mother, I mean. The married woman that gave him away.\'94\
\'93Elizabeth Grimmer,\'94 he said. Then his eyes seemed to go blank. When they refocused, he was smiling. \'93Such a pretty lass. What\'92s your name, my dear?\'94\
Annabel looked at Abraham and gestured for him to follow her lead. Keeping her eye on the scientists, her gun trained on them over Dr. Simms shoulder, she backed towards the door, bringing the doctor with her. When she reached the door, she let him go, stepped into the hall, and closed the door.\
\'93Dr. Allen was gravely ill,\'94 she told him, as she pulled a pin from her hair and used it to tamper with the doorknob, ensuring that the boffins were locked inside. She could pick a lock easily enough; it was a bit harder to break one in order to lock it from the outside, but not impossible. \'93Infected with the virus.\'94\
\'93If he was a former lover, the father of her child, that could explain why she would go along with Jack\'92s scheme.\'94\
\'93True,\'94 she agreed, continuing to work at the lock. \'93But how could she choose Jack over Jonathan? How could she choose one son over another?\'94\
Abraham offered a shrug. \'93Maybe Jonathan wasn\'92t really her son.\'94\
\'93You think Charles Grimmer might have had an affair of his own, that he kept his child born out of wedlock, while Elizabeth Grimmer was forced to give her own son away?\'94\
She finished with the lock.\
\'93It\'92s possible,\'94 she admitted. She stood up, turned to head back down the hallway in the direction from which they\'92d come. But when she pivoted on her heel, she nearly collided with a man. She jumped back in surprise. How he\'92d crept up on her so silently, she hadn\'92t the slightest idea, but she recognised him immediately. Her recognition did little to calm her.\
His mask still strapped to his head, but pulled up to sit upon his forehead instead of his face, 
\i he
\i0  stood before her. Jack. Anthony Tidkins. The Resurrection Man. Scientist, leader of an underground society, bastard son of Dr. Allen and Mrs. Grimmer, to Annabel he was an estranged father figure. To the city of London, he was a scourge.\
\'93Is it really too late?\'94 she asked him.\
\'93For London, or for us?\'94 he wanted to know.\
\'93For London,\'94 she replied. Careful not to let her emotion show, she looked him in the eye and with careful inflection, she told him, \'93You and I are most definitely finished.\'94\
He nodded.\
\'93Fair enough.\'94\
Perhaps she was mistaken, but she thought she detected a hint of regret in his pale red eyes, a note of sadness in his voice. Damn him, what did she care of his sadness, mass murderer that he was? She felt sick to think of what he had done.\
\'93As is London,\'94 he added.\
Her stomach clenched. She knew why he\'92d done it. Jack had always had such endearing respect for life. Every life, precious, every single one. Even hers. That\'92s why he\'92d saved her all those years ago. Now he was trying to save his father, trying to stop death from coming to his door. Instead, he\'92d opened the door, invited death inside.\
Her hand was trembling, her vision unclear. She steeled herself. Before she could put further thought into it, she raised her pistol. Point blank, she aimed its muzzle at her oldest friend and put her finger on the trigger. His eyes widened, and without another word, without another thought, she put a bullet in his skull.\
She gasped with relief and regret and anguish as his blood spattered across her cheek, hot and wet. It seemed to sting as it struck her skin.\
Beside her, Abraham gasped in surprise, but Annabel\'92s attention was focused on Jack\'92s body. His eyes and mouth wide with surprise, a gaping hole through his left cheek, his body lay still on the floor.\
Annabel\'92s knees threatened to buckle, and tears formed in her eye, but she kept herself upright, thrust her weapon into its holster, and turned away from the body.\
\'93We\'92ve got to go,\'94 Abraham was saying, as Annabel recovered her nerves and steadied herself.\
He was gesturing towards something off in the distance. She blinked the tears from her eyes and looked. The zombies were staggering down the hall towards them.}