{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://45F3BDEE-7DFE-4E7A-B711-7C580625F321"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs28 \cf0 As Abraham Palmer had explained, only a limited number of offices provided access to the Resurrectionist hideout within the Grimmer Company. Charles Grimmer\'92s former office had the secret elevator, as did Mr. Palmer\'92 own office. Mrs. Grimmer\'92s office was the third with such access. The fourth and final access point from within the printing company was not an elevator but a hidden staircase, which led from the library to the 
\i Beta
\i0  
\i Laboratory
\i0 , which was shared by a number of the Resurrectionist\'92s scientists.\
\'93So, what are we doing in the sewer?\'94 Annabel asked. He had a scarf wrapped around her face to deal with the smell, although the tunnel they were using was a maintenance tunnel. No actual sewage flowed along this route, but it was close enough to the pipes that did contain sewage, so the smell was still something to contend with.\
\'93When Joseph Bazalgette designed his sewage system, Mr. Grimmer\'97Charles Grimmer, that is\'97arranged to have this tunnel constructed in secret, connecting the sewer system to The Hunting Society\'92s underground headquarters.\'94\
\'93Mr. Grimmer was a very suspicious man,\'94 Annabel mused.\
Abraham grunted in agreement.\
\'93Yes, well, you\'92re not paranoid if they really are trying to kill you, right?\'94\
They had entered via the Abbey Mills Pumping Station, gaining access to the building via an open window on the second story. With a rope, lowered from the deck of the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 , they\'92d swung across, onto the roof of the lower annex. From there, it had been simple enough to climb in through the window.\
Annabel had donned masculine attire for the adventure, at least from the waist down. She wore a pair of white trousers in combination with a striped black and white blouse and a rich brown bodice, accessorized with a light brown corduroy jacket with a mandarin collar. Her key hung from her neck, pendant-like. She wore a bulky pair of leather boots, given that they\'92d had to trudge through the shallow waters of the pumping station when passing through to the labyrinth of maintenance tunnels. Somehow she still managed to look stylish despite the androgynous ensemble. She carried only the one firearm, which Mr. Palmer had been kind enough to part with earlier. It was tucked into a holster at her hip, but it had only six bullets in its chamber. She wished there\'92d been more time to prepare.\
Abraham carried a gas lantern as they walked the length of the tunnel, which cast shadows along the walls of the corridor. He favoured his left hand, given the injury to his right shoulder.\
Professor Ashcroft had managed to extract the bullet and stitch his wound; though the professor\'92s education was specific to the study of Aeronautical Engineering, he was still the most qualified among them, and had a steady enough hand. Abraham had given up his shotgun to Mr. Lockwood, given that their stock of weapons was limited and that he could not fire the weapon himself without worsening his injury.\
Their footsteps echoed down the tunnel.\
\'93So, the Resurrectionists don\'92t know about this entrance?\'94 Annabel asked.\
She\'92d been told that Abraham would smuggle her into the Resurrectionists\'92 hideout, but the full details had been revealed to her as they went. Time was a concern. They needed to get in and out of the Resurrectionist lair 
\i before
\i0  it was too late to stop the Dead London project.\
Meanwhile, the rest of the Vigilance Committee were seeing to their own missions, each individual plan being integral to the larger plan.\
Eventually, the narrow tunnel came to a dead end. They halted, Annabel looking up at Abraham with concern.\
\'93Did we take a wrong turn somewhere?\'94 she asked.\
He shook his head, grinning knowingly.\
\'93Nope,\'94 he said, reaching up with gloved hand and exploring the brickwork with his fingers until he found a hidden latch.\
\'93Ah,\'94 said Annabel. \'93I believe I understand. It would hardly do to have some unsuspecting sewage worker wander down this dead tunnel and inadvertently discover the secret facility.\'94\
\'93Exactly, m\'92dear,\'94 said Abraham, gruffly.\
As the latch pulled, the bricks began to swing open, like a door. As they did, it became clear that they were not bricks at all. Just foam, painted to look like bricks, like the bricks in a stage production. Faux brickwork, glued to a thick, metal door, which opened into a closet. As they stepped inside it, Annabel noted that there was trickery on both sides to conceal the door. False brickwork slid open to hide the door from view.}}}