{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Jonathan had the first known case of the Lazarus Virus. An early strain. Under the careful ministrations of Dr. Allen, he recovered from his illness. He had been feverish, and had practically no recollection of the incident upon recovering. But that was not the end of things. A servant had been bitten. She took to the fever, and was sent home to recover. Of course, she didn\'92t recover; she got worse. The virus spreads easily. A bite. A scratch. Jonathan\'92s father began trying to track down incidences of attacks involving the infected, hunting down the zombies, throwing their bodies into the Thames, and covering up their deaths. Eventually, a more sophisticated means of dealing with the virus became necessary. The virus was impossible to contain. Meanwhile, Dr. Allen had begun studying the virus, hoping to find a cure. Apparently his obsession was passed on to his assistant.\'94\
Annabel raised her eyes. The story certainly explained a lot. Why Jack was so bent on finding a cure. Why Mr. O\'92s father had founded the Hunting Society. Why the Resurrectionists suspected Mr. O might be immune to the virus. They believed that those who\'92d been exposed to earlier strains of the virus and survived the ordeal might be the key to immunity. Like Mr. O. Like her.\
\'93So that\'92s why the Resurrectionists wanted to infect me with Lazarus,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92d already been exposed.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Mrs. Grimmer.\
\'93But what about her?\'94 he said, looking at Annabel.\
Annabel smiled awkwardly. \'93Yes, about that\'85\'94\
\'93Lord Connor was not your first encounter with zombies,\'94 he said.\
\'93No,\'94 she admitted. When she noticed that the entire room was looking at her, waiting for an explanation, she let out a little sigh. \'93It\'92s a long story. I believe Mrs. Grimmer mentioned that time was a bit of an issue; perhaps we can continue this discussion some other time. Perhaps 
\i after
\i0  we\'92ve stopped the Dead London experiment?\'94\
Mr. O bailed her out.\
\'93That sounds reasonable,\'94 he said, then turned to his mother. \'93So, what is this plan of yours?\'94\
She told them.\
Annabel took a sip of her tea, blinked her one eye, and set her teacup back down upon the table. She let her chin rest upon a gloved hand. \'93Well,\'94 she said. \'93That might just work.\'94}