{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The 
\i Penny Dreadful 
\i0 was swift, its propellors and sails and ornithopteresque wings driving it to the edge of the city. Another cup of tea sat empty. Annabel reached for the pot with her mechanical arm and poured herself another cup. Mr. O stared at her with a strange look upon his face? She rolled her eyes\'97both real and mechanical\'97at him.\
\'93I\'92m just pouring a cup of tea, Jonathan. Nothing to marvel at,\'94 she told him.\
He grinned.\
\'93On the contrary, you are a constant marvel, my dearest Annabel.\'94\
She blushed, only now realising that she\'92d called him by his Christian name. That he\'92d done the same in kind meant he was either teasing her or flirting with her. Either way, her cheeks took on a scarlet hue.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DF331B22-F1F7-4E6F-AB81-0AAA3C4EED70"}}{\fldrslt \'93What do you think became of Mrs. Grimmer?\'94 said Henry Charles Ocelot, sparing her.\
At this, it was Mr. O\'92s turn to be embarrassed. After all, it was for his sake that they\'92d all put their trust in Mrs. Grimmer in spite of their reservations. And even he hadn\'92t trusted her. In his defence, he had confronted her, but that had only resulted in a tranquilizer dart to the neck. Still, Mr. O was infuriatingly bad at being embarrassed. He recovered from it in an instant.\
\'93I imagine she\'92s halfway to Paris by now, or wherever the next closest Resurrectionist hideout might be. Probably left the city the very moment she sent us on that wild goose chase.\'94}}\
\'93Sent 
\i most
\i0  of us on the wild goose chase,\'94 Annabel retorted, \'93While you remained unconscious.\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://25451C98-A94D-4516-A5D3-BDD96FACCF85"}}{\fldrslt Mrs. Hatton smirked.}}\
\'93She\'92s got you there,\'94 she told Mr. O.\
He shrugged and reached for his cup. To his apparent surprise, his glass was empty.\
\'93Anyway,\'94 he continued, \'93I\'92m certain we\'92ve not seen the last of The Resurrectionists. They had members within Scotland Yard\'97we witnessed Parson Sinews apparent arrest, which as it turned out was actually an abduction; within the aristocracy\'97Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist; and within the military\'97remember that Dr. Allen\'92s experiments were 
\i sanctioned
\i0 . We may have destroyed their headquarters, but we haven\'92t stopped their operations.\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://58271351-B982-46CC-B6B3-B32039F66BBE"}}{\fldrslt \'93Nor have we stopped the Dead London project,\'94 Henry Charles Ocelot pointed out.}}\
The ship had steadily been descending. As the fog cleared in front of the ship, an unsettling vision came into view through the windows. An enormous wall had risen up, lining the edge of the city. The zombies were clawing at it, trying unsuccessfully to scale its heights and get at the men in the towers.\
\'93What on earth,\'94 Annabel exclaimed, getting out of her seat and heading over to the window for a better view. A moment later she was joined by Mr. O, Mr. Ocelot, and the elderly Mrs. Hatton, who gaped at the wall in silence.\
It was vast, stretching as far as they could see in either direction. It was several stories tall, with gun turrets positioned around it. Though the wall was obviously makeshift, pieced together with lengths of sheet metal and plywood, it was enough that the zombies could neither scale its heights nor topple the wall. Even so, it was difficult to imagine how it could have been assembled so quickly, unless it had been built in advance, in anticipation of Dead London.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://962FD676-4199-4914-AF9D-C035F13DB5DE"}}{\fldrslt \'93They\'92re quarantining the city,\'94 Mr. Ocelot growled. \'93Trying to keep the zombies inside.\'94}}\
\'93What about the living?\'94 Annabel exclaimed. \'93There are still living people in the city. They\'92ll be trapped inside with them.\'94\
\'93As the gas spreads and the zombies go about their hunt, there soon won\'92t be many living people left,\'94 he told her.\
\'93God,\'94 she breathed. \'93It really will be Dead London. A city of the walking dead. Can we get any lower?\'94\
The ship was circling near the wall, just outside the range of the wall\'92s gun turrets. Just then, the captain\'92s voice came through the speaking tube, distorted and tinny as it resonated from a little metal box in the top right corner of the lounge.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer, to the Captain\'92s Nook, if you please.\'94\
\'93Excuse me a moment,\'94 said Mr. O. To Annabel, he added, \'93I\'92ll see about getting us lower.\'94\
While he left to confer with the captain, Annabel remained intent on the window. She was staring at the men on the gun turrets. Their weapons were aimed at the zombies, but they weren\'92t firing. So long as the zombies could not reach them, they did not pose a threat, she supposed.\
Another minute or two passed in relative silence, the airship hovering in place, until with a hiss of air the ship began to descend. At last, they drew close enough to distinguish the shape of the gas masks that the men at the turrets were wearing. They were corvine in shape, the masks of plague doctors.\
\'93Resurrectionists.\'94\
Of course, while they could now see the Resurrectionists clearly, they too could be seen. The Resurrectionists turned their attention from the zombies to the airship. One of them\'97Annabel couldn\'92t make out which one\'97spoke, using some sort of device to project their voice. It sounded tinny and inhuman, like the Captain\'92s through the speaking tube.\
\'93This city is under quarantine. No citizens are to leave without clearing inspection. By the order of the British Military, turn your airship around.\'94\
She looked at Mr. Ocelot, but he was stoic and unreadable. She wasn\'92t sure if that was sang-froid or if he was just keeping his fears to himself. Mrs. Hatton, meanwhile, was fanning herself, her eyes wide.\
\'93I could\'97\'94 Mrs. Hatton started to say.\
\'93This ship is filled with hydrogen,\'94 Mr. Ocelot replied. \'93But let\'92s not panic. This ship is a dreadnaught.\'94\
The Resurrectionist\'92s voice interrupted their thoughts, loud enough to hear even over the rumble of the ship\'92s engines.\
\'93Again, this city is under quarantine. Turn your ship around. If you do not comply, it will be seen as a hostile act, and we will open fire upon your vessel.\'94\
In reply, a voice came through the speaking tube again. It was Mr. O\'92s voice, however, not Captain Merrick\'92s.\
\'93All hands on deck. Mr. Ocelot, if you would man the port side cannon. Miss Monday, the gatling gun is all yours. Mrs. Hatton, the starboard cannon has your name on it, if you would be so kind. Let\'92s blow these Resurrectionists to smithereens.\'94\
Annabel shared a smile with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2FDB4E70-CC84-42BC-9274-A1207E87B598"}}{\fldrslt Mrs. Hatton}}.\
\'93That\'92s not a word I use very often. Smithereens,\'94 Mr. O continued.\
\'93It\'92s still on,\'94 came the captain\'92s voice. \'93You\'92ve got to hit this button here, if you want to quit speaking through the tube.\'94\
\'93This one?\'94\
The airship shuddered and a series of metal panels raised, covering the windows.\
\'93No.\'94 The captain\'92s voice again. \'93That one\'92s for the shields. Look, just let me do it.\'94\
There was an audible click, and then the voices cut off. Annabel headed for the door, and with Mr. Ocelot and Mrs. Hatton in her wake, she headed topside. Mr. O and Captain Merrick were standing in the Captain\'92s Nook at the bow of the airship. The Resurrectionists\'92 guns were aimed at the ship, but the shields had been raised. Hopefully that would be enough to stop their bullets from puncturing the ballonets.\
As promised, a gatling gun stood front and center, a huge cannon on either side of the ship. Annabel settled into her station, closing her one eye against the fierce, cold wind. She\'92d never used a gun like this before, so she took a moment to examine it while the Resurrectionist guns rang out, pinging against the metal shields. The shields were flimsy protection at best, she realised. The metal was too thin to hold out for long, and there were gaping holes in their protective space.\
It didn\'92t take her long to figure out how to work the gun. Once it was ready, she aimed with her mechanical eye, and began firing. She cackled wildly as the gun let loose an onslaught of bullets, and the Resurrectionist fell from his post, only to be seized by the zombies below.\
\'93God bless you, Dr. Gatling!\'94 she cried triumphantly.\
Then she aimed the weapon at the next Resurrectionist and gave him the same fate as his friend. 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  shuddered as Mr. Ocelot fired his cannon, and again as Mrs. Hatton did the same. Mr. Ocelot\'92s cannonball missed its mark, sailing over the wall, but Mrs. Hatton\'92s struck home, utterly destroying one of the gun towers.\
The Resurrectionists continued to fire back, while the zombies below cried out for flesh. And through it all, Annabel continued to aim and fire, laughing wildly each time a Resurrectionist fell victim to her onslaught. And when each of the turrets in their way stood unmanned, 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  lowered its shields, and continued on its way.}