{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 After Mrs. Grimmer had revealed her plan, and the Vigilance Committee had agreed to it, Jonathan found himself lingering once more at the door of the Moirae Tea House while the others filed out. As the others stepped outside, Jonathan waited until he and his mother were alone.\
\'93A brief word?\'94 he said.\
\'93Of course,\'94 said Mrs. Grimmer. \'93But do make it quick. We have a city to save.\'94\
Although she was being serious, her tone was light, as if she was half-joking. It didn\'92t suit her, Jonathan thought. He frowned. \'93We might have had more time, if you\'92d thought to be honest with me from the beginning,\'94 he said. \'93Or, for that matter, if you hadn\'92t shot me and Miss Monday with tranquilizers.\'94\
\'93You\'92re upset with me,\'94 she said, adopting his serious tone. \'93I can\'92t say I blame you. I did keep the truth from you, you\'92re right. But I did so to protect you.\'94\
\'93Is that what you call it, protecting me?\'94 Jonathan said, exasperated. \'93Well, a fat lot of good it\'92s done, this protection of yours.\'94\
\'93You\'92re alive, aren\'92t you?\'94 she said, quite seriously.\
\'93Yes, but no thanks to you,\'94 he replied.\
She looked wounded.\
He took a deep breath, forced himself to be calm. His relationship with his mother had always been like this. But he could see, from her perspective, how she might have thought she\'92d been protecting him by keeping the truth from him. Still, he wouldn\'92t put it past her to be aligned with the Resurrectionists and even now to be manipulating him. Just because she was his mother didn\'92t mean he could trust her. He decided to be direct.\
\'93I overheard you speaking with someone; I now believe it was Mr. Palmer.\'94\
\'93What did you hear?\'94\
\'93Something about Miss Monday,\'94 he said. \'93
\i What about the woman? The thief?
\i0 \'94 He paused to recollect the rest of the conversation. \'93Then you mentioned that you needed to move the plan forward.\'94\
If Mrs. Grimmer was surprised to have been overheard, she didn\'92t let on. She frowned, but with her, a frown hardly meant a thing. A smile was always more telling.\
\'93Of course. The plan to stop Dead London,\'94 she said.\
She didn\'92t know how much Jonathan had overheard.\
\'93You said that the antiserum is still unstable. You mentioned Dr. Allen\'92s failing health.\'94 Jonathan protested. \'93What did you mean? What does Dr. Allen\'92s illness have to do with anything?\'94\
Mrs. Grimmer looked down her nose at her son as if he were nothing more than an irritating pest, a mosquito.\
\'93The first batch of the antiserum was derived from corvine birds, which possess a natural resistance to the virus. Not all animals do, you see. So crows became a subject of interest to the Resurrectionists involved in the Lazarus project. We believed, given their natural immunity, that they might allow us to synthesize an antiserum.\'94\
\'93We? 
\i Us
\i0 ?\'94 said Jonathan, pointing out her slip.\
\'93Hush. Let me explain,\'94 she said, brushing aside his interrogation. \'93Through his research, Dr. Allen became unintentionally exposed to the virus. Lazarus works in two stages. In stage one, the virus slowly kills the host body. It is only in stage two that the body becomes a zombie. As Dr. Allen was in stage one, he became useful as a test subject for the antiserum. If we could cure that stage of the virus, we could harness immortality; the virus would act only to keep the body alive after death, but without the other negative side effects: necrosis, rot, the primal urge to eat living flesh. The infected would not be zombies, but 
\i undead. 
\i0 With Dr. Allen, the antiserum actually showed promise. It worked to a point, preventing the virus from killing him, but it was still not a cure. Dr. Allen was dying; we were only delaying the inevitable. It was his belief that crows would not suffice to provide a cure. The cure had to come from humans. Humans who\'92d been exposed to Lazarus and survived.\'94\
\'93Me and Miss Monday, you mean,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93I tried to persuade them to use only the thief, and to stay away from you. When you wandered straight into their facilities, that became problematic. Still, I managed to get you out of there, didn\'92t I?\'94\
\'93You would have let them experiment on her? It could have 
\i killed 
\i0 her\'94\
\'93Jonathan, she\'92s a criminal,\'94 Mrs. Grimmer protested, but Jonathan was already backing away from his mother. He felt sick.\
\'93They are on the verge of finding a cure for death itself,\'94 she continued. \'93Who 
\i cares
\i0  about the thief, with so much at stake?\'94\
\'93You wanted this?\'94\
\'93The Dead London Project is a bit extreme, even by my standards. I\'92d have preferred to have just used Miss Monday\'92s blood. Still, what\'92s a little bit of collateral damage in the scheme of things?\'94\
\'93A little bit?\'94 Jonathan scoffed. \'93Mother, they want to destroy London!\'94\
Mrs. Grimmer rolled her eyes. \'93So small-minded, my son. You always were. Like your father. London is nothing with immortality at stake.\'94\
\'93So what about your plan to stop them?\'94 Jonathan asked, still stepping back.\
\'93Oh, that was just meant to get you out of the way. You and your little Vigilance Committee have been meddling in the Resurrectionists\'92 affairs for far too long. I could have had you sent to Chateau d\'92If with Parson Sinews; perhaps I should have. I must be getting sentimental in my old age.\'94\
\'93I can\'92t let you do this,\'94 he said.\
\'93You can\'92t stop me,\'94 Mrs. Grimmer replied. And without further ado, she shot him with a tranquilizer dart, for the second time. Its effects were quick. Jonathan felt suddenly drowsy. His knees collapsed. He hit the ground.\
He heard the chiming of bells. They sounded far away. His mother\'92s voice, muffled and indistinct. \'93Jonathan will catch up with us,\'94 she said. \'93We are to begin without him.\'94\
\'93Bitch,\'94 Jonathan groaned as his eyelids grew as heavy as lead weights.}