{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel Grey, better known as Miss Monday, crept along the hallway of the Resurrectionists\'92 underground headquarters in the basement of the printing company. Once a sanctuary for the monster hunters known as The Hunting Society, it was now a sanctuary for the monsters themselves. Annabel had to remind herself that not all of the scientists were willing accomplices to Anthony Tidkins\'92 plot, but had been unknowingly fed drugs that had addled their brains and influenced their decisions. Still, if it came down to it, she wouldn\'92t hesitate to kill them. If it couldn\'92t be helped.\
\'93This way.\'94\
She turned to follow Abraham Palmer down a hallway she hadn\'92t been down before. It was impossible to guess the size of the facility, but it seemed labyrinthine, given the number of unexplored corridors, offices, and laboratories.\
It was only due to Mr. Palmer\'92 familiarity with the complex\'92s layout that they were able to find the 
\i Beta Laboratory
\i0 . With a silent exchange of glances, she signalled that she was ready and waited for Palmer\'92 confirmation. He slipped on his Resurrection mask, and nodded.   Annabel drew her pistol, held it at her hip. She pushed open the door.\
The 
\i Beta Lab 
\i0 put its 
\i Alpha
\i0  counterpart to shame, at least in size. It was a vast, open space that made Annabel forget how deep underground they were. A number of enormous machines took up space within the room, boilers at work, hissing steam, chemicals running through tubes. Several rows of operating tables spanned the room, tubes running from the machines to the bodies on the tables. Colourful liquid pumped into their veins, while they struggled against their bonds. Each body on each table was strapped down, wrists and ankles cuffed so tight the the bonds cut into their skin. Not that they would feel it; they were zombies.\
Despite the barbaric experiments that were conducted here, there was a clinical cleanliness to the room, a thorough organisation to the madness. Annabel wondered if the men on the operating tables had been dead when the experiments had started, whether it was the disease or the cure the Resurrectionists were pumping into their veins.\
A series of hazy black and white photographs were pinned to one of the walls. Unusual photographs of the subjects\'92 skeletons.\
Another section of the laboratory seemed to be dedicated to the study of those corvine birds that had provided the emblem for the Resurrectionists. Tubes filled with blood were stored in a glass cabinet, kept cool with some kind of cooling device. Condensation had formed upon the glass. A dozen dissected birds were mounted with labeled pins, while the living birds squawked in their cages as scientists pricked them with needles, either drawing blood or injecting the crows with something. It was part rookery, part slaughterhouse, part monster hospital.\
For a minute, Annabel and Abraham went unobserved, which gave them ample time to take stock of the laboratory. Eventually, the living men in the room seemed to notice the presence of the intruders. Annabel made a quick count of the Resurrectionists. Eight of them, more than she had bullets for; luckily, they didn\'92t know that.\
She recognised one of them, despite the mask he wore. His posture, greying hair, and age-spotted skin gave him away.\
\'93What are you doing here?\'94 asked Dr. Simms.\
\'93How\'92s the head?\'94 she asked him.\
Abraham quieted her with a look. She frowned, but let him take the lead.\
\'93I have the subject in hand,\'94 he said, taking her in hand and nudging her forward. He used his own body to conceal her weapon.\
\'93The subject? You mean Miss Monday?\'94 said the scientist, though he could see her with his own eyes. Further evidence that he\'92d been exposed to Jack\'92s serum. \'93Good, very good. Get her strapped down. There\'92s an empty table, just there.\'94\
Slowly, Abraham moved her forward, careful to angle himself so as to keep her weapon hidden from view, until he stood adjacent to the scatterbrained Resurrectionist. Only then did Abraham let her go.\
The moment he did, she caught Dr. Simms in a headlock, pressing her pistol against his skull. He yelped in surprise, and some of the Resurrectionists drew their own weapons. Only three of them were armed. Annabel positioned herself so that they didn\'92t have a clean shot at her without risking killing Dr. Simms.\
\'93Put your guns down,\'94 she instructed.\
\'93Do as she says,\'94 said Abraham.\
Slowly, careful not to make any sudden moves, the gentlemen complied.\
\'93The night Lord Henry Connor was killed, I was hired to take something from his safe. According to Mrs. Grimmer, whatever it was, it was brought here.\'94\
She spoke quietly, directing her words to Dr. Simms alone. He moved his head. She wasn\'92t sure if he was trying to nod, or simply get free of her grasp.\
\'93I would tell you what it was that you stole, but I imagine the science will be beyond your comprehension,\'94 he said.\
\'93Humour me.\'94\
\'93Very well. Are you at all familiar with the work of Nikola Tesla? I imagine not.\'94\
\'93I am, as it happens. I was hired to relieve him of his experiments, on our mutual friend\'92s behalf,\'94 she explained. \'93I made it look like his work had been lost in a fire, but the reality was that Jack had hired me to steal his research.\'94\
\'93You continue to surprise me, Miss Monday,\'94 said Dr. Simms, his voice still strained by her headlock. \'93Now, where was I? Ah, yes, Mr. Tesla had been experimenting with a technology that he called teleautomatics. Perhaps you heard about his demonstration of the technology. He used it to control a small boat, operating it with no wires, using a surprisingly small radio controller.\'94\
\'93Go on,\'94 Annabel told him.\
\'93It was Lord Connor\'92s idea to use the technology to control the distribution of the Lazarus Virus. As we speak, there are mechanical crows being released at key points throughout the city. Trafalgar Square, Hyde Park, Borough Market, Westminster Palace. Each crow contains a vial of liquid laced with the Lazarus Virus. With the push of a single button on a single remote, the crows will release the gas. That\'92s what you stole, Miss Monday.\'94\
Annabel\'92s felt the breath stolen from her lungs.\
\'93You\'92re going to destroy the radio controller.\'94\
\'93No,\'94 he replied.\
\'93Yes,\'94 she insisted, pressing the pistol hard against his skull so he\'92d get the message.\
He began to sob.\
\'93No, no, no,\'94 he said, tears staining the inside of his mask. \'93You don\'92t understand. You don\'92t understand.\'94\
\'93Calm down,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92m not going to shoot you, so long as you cooperate. What don\'92t I understand?\'94\
\'93The radio controller\'85\'94 he said, still sobbing, unable to finish his sentence.\
Annabel almost felt sorry for him. After all, the man had been brainwashed by Jack\'92s serum. He might have been a good man, before that.\
\'93What about it?\'94\
\'93The radio controller\'85\'94 Simms said again, looking at Annabel out of the corner of his eye. \'93It\'92s already been activated.\'94}