{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Trafalgar Square was bustling, not merely with pedestrians, but also with pigeons, which hopped about on the ground, flapping their wings apprehensively every time Henry Charles Ocelot approached, retreating around him as he scanned the crowd for any sign of the Resurrectionists.\
He was out of place here, a criminal among the well-to-do, at the edge of The Strand, adjacent to the National Gallery. But Henry Charles had a quiet confidence, a swagger to his walk, which masked his incongruity with the locale and his accomplices.\
At his side stood a lady whose age and social position both exceeded Henry Charles\'92, an elderly widow who might not have paused to give him the time of day were it not for their shared circumstances, Mrs. Hatton. Across the Square by Nelson\'92s Column was the ever-disagreeable Edward Steen, who, like Henry Charles, was threading his way through the crowd, looking for any sign of a man in a plague doctor\'92s mask.\
Present circumstances aside, Henry Charles and Marianne Hatton had something else in common. Past scars. Both had been victims of Dr. Allen\'92s experiments. It was their mutual survival of the Resurrectionist\'92s barbarous crimes that had drawn them to the Vigilance Committee and given occasion for their unlikely friendship.\
\'93I don\'92t buy it. Not for one second,\'94 he muttered as he stood on his toes to look over the crowd.\
Henry Charles was a large man, both broad-shouldered and tall. On the tips of his toes, however, he could just barely see above the crowd. Too many tall hats upon the heads of the gentlemen to get a clear view.\
\'93What don\'92t you buy, Mr. Ocelot? The zombie creatures Mrs. Grimmer described? The Hunting Society?\'94\
\'93No, that I believe,\'94 he said, taking her gently by the arm and leading her over to the steps of the National Gallery. \'93It's her intel I don't trust.\'94\
\'93Hm,\'94 said Mrs. Hatton.\
\'93You disagree?\'94\
\'93Henry,\'94 she said\'97they were, after all, old friends by now\'97\'93You don't trust Mrs. Grimmer? Fine, I don't trust her either, to be honest. But let's face it. You and I, we don't trust anyone easily. She may have been lying, or she may have just been wrong, but I believe we have to try. After all, what if she's right?\'94\
Henry Charles shrugged his massive shoulders, turning once again to look through the sea of pedestrian traffic. The pigeons hopped out of his way, as did the gentlemen and ladies, them no more elegantly than the pigeons. He couldn\'92t say he blamed them; he had a ferocious aspect. Thick, pink scars that ran down his dark skin. Chipped teeth, some capped with gold. One of his eyes a deep blood red. It was no wonder they feared him, though the truth was that of the pair of them, Marianne Hatton was the more dangerous.\
They climbed the stairs and turned to look down upon the Square. They could now see Edward Steen pointing at something, waving with his other hand to get their attention. They followed his finger, squinting to see what he was looking at.\
Even from here, it was difficult to see, but they could hear it. A wave of panic spreading through the crowd, emanating from the spot Steen was focus on. People fell away, screaming and shoving as they fought to get away. As they did, they revealed the source of their panic. A single Resurrectionist, with a large chest at his side. He was bent over, opening the chest, and extracting its contents one at a time.\
\'93Are those crows?\'94 said Mrs. Hatton.\
They did appear to be crows, but they were made of brass and steel. Each time he took one out of the chest, he would turn a key upon its back, and its wings would start to whir. Then he\'92d let go, and the mechanical bird would start to fly, circling above the crowd.}