{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Marianne Hatton\'92s arms went limp as she reigned in the pyrokinetic energy she\'92d summoned. Her eyes went blank. Sweat ran down her face. Wrapping his coat around his waist in a half-hearted attempt at modesty, Henry Charles went to her side, concerned she might lose consciousness. He put a hand upon her back. Though he had thick, calloused skin, the heat rising off of her scalded him, and he had to let go.\
\'93I\'92m fine,\'94 she told him, though she didn\'92t sound it. \'93Put some clothes on, would you? You\'92ll make a scene!\'94\
He laughed, his voice a deep baritone. That she could still be concerned about propriety at a time like this was a good sign. He picked his trousers up off the ground and pulled them on hastily. Mrs. Hatton was too exhausted to rely on her gift again, at least until she\'92d had time to recover, and he would be unable to shift again for some time. The zombies, on the other hand, had not 
\i all
\i0  perished in the heat.\
There were gentlemen walking about, every inch of their skin burned, the charred remains of their clothing still smoking. Some of them were still on fire, yet they seemed not to notice. Their attention was focused on their hunger. The creatures were beginning to disperse, spreading out into the street, past the staircase that led to the National Gallery, away from Trafalgar Square.\
As they watched, a carriage was forced off the road by the roaming mob. The horse went wild, somehow managing to detach from the cart in its panic. The driver was quickly ravaged. Soon enough, he joined their number, climbing onto the cab in their effort to get at the passengers.\
\'93We should help them,\'94 said Mrs. Hatton, her voice weak.\
\'93It is too late for them,\'94 he said, and he was right. A moment later, the door was pulled off its hinges, and the screaming passengers were pulled out of the cab. Blood and gore spilled onto the streets and into the gutters. \'93We must worry about ourselves.\'94\
She nodded, fanning herself while he quickly finished shuffling back into his clothes. A scattered few of the living dead made their way towards them, but they were slow-moving, all but burnt up in the fire, some of them crawling upon the ground, unable to stand.\
More alarming was that the police had arrived, treating the affair as they might a riot, their guns and batons trained on the zombies, shouting orders for them to disperse. When the zombies instead turned on the officers, they began firing. Their shots were panicked and badly aimed. Most went wild.\
They heard the screams of policemen as the zombies tore into their flesh. One of the officers pointed his gun at Marianne and Henry Charles.\
"Stop!" Henry Charles shouted. "We're not like them."\
He put his hands up, but the officer must have been too panicked to discern living from zombie, to notice that he and Mrs. Hatton were innocent bystanders.\
His first shot went wild. Henry Charles didn\'92t wait for a second shot, instead running for cover. A second shot rang out, then a third. He was still out in the open, exposed. He didn\'92t dare look back, even to see if Mrs. Hatton had been hit.\
He ducked beneath a low wall of stone that surrounded the square. Bits of stone exploded above his head, the bullet ricocheting off the wall. Mrs. Hatton ducked down right beside him.\
\'93Are you hit?\'94 he asked.\
\'93No,\'94 she said, breathless. \'93But you nearly were.\'94\
She snatched the top hat off his head and showed it to him. There were bullet holes through either side of it. His eyes widened. 
\i Close call
\i0 . She gave him the hat back.\
\'93Where to?\'94 she asked, staying low and crawling along the wall.\
\'93We were supposed to rendezvous with the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  crew in front of Big Ben.\'94\
When he noticed that nobody was shooting at them any more, he lifted his head above the wall and looked down on Trafalgar Square. The zombies were gone, a trail of death in their wake. The charred remains of the many Mrs. Hatton had dispatched still smouldered, though the fires had begun to die. Blood and human limbs spattered the ground. A pair of chewed up legs here, a hand there, a boot with a foot still in it.\
As for the policemen, they had either retreated or joined the ghastly pilgrimage. Henry Charles suspected the latter.\
\'93This city\'92s going to hell,\'94 he said, his voice grim.\
\'93I don\'92t suppose we\'92re going to find a cab,\'94 Mrs. Hatton replied.\
Her face was pale and flushed, but she kept the fear and shock out of her voice. She was a tough old woman, Henry Charles knew. After all, she\'92d survived Dr. Allen\'92s experiments.\
\'93Guess we\'92d better start walking,\'94 she said. \'93It\'92s not far from here.\'94\
Henry Charles nodded.\
"I was right, by the way. About Mrs. Grimmer's intel. We should have had time to stop this."}