{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 It was the death of a single patient that had caused Jack to shut down his medical practice. The countless lives he saved over the years meant nothing to him, not when weighed against that one death. He\'92d packed up his things, returned to London, and absorbed himself in a new pursuit with the same excess with which he\'92d studied medicine. Mechanical Engineering. He\'92d proved equally adept at that trade, and it was still his profession when Annabel first met him. A tinkerer and inventor, he used to build the most unimaginable devices, life-altering mechanical machines. Like Annabel\'92s clockwork eye.\
His eyes widened as Annabel raised the pistol, and without another word, without another thought, she put a bullet in his skull.\
She gasped with relief and regret and anguish as his blood spattered across her cheek, hot and wet. It seemed to sting as it struck her skin.\
Abraham gasped in surprise, but Annabel\'92s attention was focused on Jack\'92s body. His eyes and mouth wide with surprise, a gaping hole through his left cheek, his body lay still on the floor.\
Annabel\'92s knees threatened to buckle, and tears formed in her eye, but she kept herself upright. Finally, she returned her attention to Mr. Palmer.\
\'93Let me up,\'94 he was saying, as Annabel recovered her nerves and steadied herself. \'93You\'92ve got to let me up.\'94\
He was gesturing towards something off in the distance. She blinked the tears from her eyes and looked. The zombies were staggering down the hall towards them.\
She cursed. Wiping the blood from her face, she let Abraham up.\
\'93If it comes down to it, I won\'92t hesitate to shoot you,\'94 she warned him.\
He got to his feet, a little worse for wear. He rubbed his injured jaw.\
Meanwhile, Annabel stooped over, pulled the collar of Jack\'92s shirt aside. She pulled his cravat out of the way and examined his skin. The red pock-marks that Abraham had pointed out on Dr. Simms were not present on Jack\'92s pale skin. Of course not. He\'92d designed the serum himself. Why would he be dosed? Yet there was still some part of her that had believed he wasn\'92t capable of such an act of evil. Wasn\'92t it possible that Dr. Allen had been the mastermind behind Dead London, and that he\'92d brainwashed Jack?\
But no, here was proof that everything Jack had done, he\'92d done of his own free will. Jack was responsible for London\'92s fate.\
She tore herself away from the body on the ground. There was no time to mourn or to think about what she had done. The zombies were coming, and they were surprisingly fast for walking corpses, converging upon them from both directions. There was not nearly enough ammunition to deal with all of them.\
\'93Where did they come from?\'94 she exclaimed.\
She tried the door to the 
\i Beta Laboratory
\i0 , but it had been locked behind them. She banged on the door. She cursed as she scanned the hallway for another door. There wasn\'92t one, at least not between them and the zombies, and it would take too long to pick the lock.\
\'93We\'92ll have to make a stand,\'94 Abraham told her.\
\'93I don\'92t like our odds,\'94 she said, banging on the door again.\
When no one answered it, she raised the pistol. There was nothing else for it but to put as many bullets in their skulls as they could, and then fight their way out with their bare hands.\
Annabel closed her eye, relying on the prosthesis for her vision, squeezed the trigger, and one of them fell to the floor. He disappeared under the sea of zombies who climbed over him without seeming to slow.\
She aimed and fired again with deadly accuracy, moved the revolver half an inch to the left, pulled the trigger again. Without pause, she fired into their midst, one bullet at a time. Each bullet hit its mark, but it was not enough. They continued to advance, their numbers practically unaffected by the onslaught of bullets.\
\'93There\'92s too many of them,\'94 she told Abraham.\
\'93Just keep shooting,\'94 he shouted back. They were inches away from each other, but the sounds of gunfire ricocheting down the hallway and the carnivorous moans of the zombies were deafening.\
Abraham grunted, kicking at the doorknob to the laboratory with all his might. If they couldn\'92t pick the lock, maybe he could break it down. It was up to Annabel to buy him enough time.\
She aimed again, pulled the trigger, and fired her last bullet. She hadn\'92t been counting, and only realised she was out when she fired again and heard the hollow click of an empty chamber.\
She stuffed the gun back into her holster, and looked to Abraham. The latch still hadn\'92t broken. The zombies were almost upon them. Annabel marched forward, towards the creatures.\
\'93What are you doing?\'94 Abraham grunted.\
\'93Just get that damned door open,\'94 she shouted back.\
She grabbed the first of them by the face, careful not to let his jaws seize upon her hands, and slammed his face into the wall. His skull cracked, and he fell to the floor. She stomped on his head for good measure, and caved in the next man\'92s face with a wicked right hook, all in one swift motion.\
Already, another creature was grabbing at her, this time from behind. She grabbed his arms as if to fling him over her back, using his momentum against him, but his body was rotten, and his arms popped out of their sockets with a nasty 
\i plop
\i0 , the skin and meat ripping from his rotting limbs like a snake sloughing off its skin. Annabel dropped one of the arms, but held onto the other.\
She whirled around to face him, and recognised him. This was the creature from the tank. He was not merely rotten, but wet, 
\i soggy
\i0  even. No wonder his arms had ripped out so easily. She raised his limb and swung it at his skull, using it to bludgeon him to death.\
Even as she continued to fight, heart pounding as she kicked at the nearest walking cadaver, she registered a thought. Someone must have let these creatures out, deliberately.\
At last, she heard Abraham\'92s voice, rising above the din.\
\'93It\'92s open!\'94\
She hurried to the door, ripping out the trachea of the nearest zombie fiend that assailed her in order to disengage from the fight. She landed a devastating blow with her right hand that knocked his head clean off. Still, she fought her way through the crowd, as they moved clumsily to sink their teeth into her flesh, until she found the open doorway and practically fell through it.\
Remarkably, she was unscathed. She heaved, struggling against her corset for breath, as Abraham launched himself bodily at the door. It slammed, not quite shut, for several cadaverous limbs were caught in the door, their fingers still grasping for living flesh. Abraham strained against it, and it thudded inward, threatening to cave beneath the combined weight of the zombies on the other side.\
The scientists looked alarmed, but did not intervene as Annabel hurried to help. She set herself against the door, but even the two of them could not hold it closed for long.\
\'93A knife!\'94 Annabel shouted at the alarmed boffins. \'93Or something sharp. Do you have one?\'94\
Stunned into inaction, they simply stared at her in silence.\
\'93Now!\'94 she bellowed.\
At last, Dr. Simms seemed to grasp, if not the situation, then at least that they were in danger. He hurried to find a tool from off the shelf, something sharp. Finally, he presented her with a long, jagged knife of surgical steel.\
\'93Will this do, Doctor?\'94 he asked.\
She grabbed the knife, and whistled appreciatively. Who cared if he thought she was a doctor, so long as he kept the weapons coming.\
She hesitated, looking at Abraham as she assessed the situation.\
\'93Another one, for Mr. Palmer, if you have one?\'94 she said finally.\
Then, leaving Mr. Palmer to keep the door shut, she positioned herself with knife raised, at the edge of the door. He would have to make due with a scalpel, as that was what the addled-minded doctor had given him, but he gave Annabel a nod. When she returned the gesture, he stepped back from the doorway, and readied his scalpel.}