{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 R\'e9my looked up at the imposing rear door of 4 Whitehall Place, which served as the public entrance to the building. While the house had a Whitehall address, the door stood facing an infamous backstreet, Great Scotland Yard. R\'e9my had spent most of his adult life avoiding the police, so it seemed a bit odd to be seeking them out now. But then, 
\i Roderick
\i0  worked closely with the police, and R\'e9my trusted Roderick with his life. By association then, Roderick\'92s police contact, Inspector Taggert, could be trusted.\
The station was uncommonly dark, its windows unlit by lamp or candle. The fog that had been persisting, these past few days, didn\'92t help matters in that regard. The dark was almost tangible. Not a single street lamp lit the little backstreet either.\
But it was neither the dark, nor the expectation of confronting the police that gave R\'e9my pause as he stood outside. It was the crows, which had settled on a leafless tree just across the street, its gnarled branches extended like twisted fingers. He counted six of them, perched on the upper branches of the tree, staring down at him, unblinking. Already somewhat superstitious by nature, R\'e9my was further unsettled by that uncanny stare. It seemed so unnatural, the crows so lifeless in their regard of him. While ordinarily they might have cawed at him, or flitted about, idly flapping their wings or shifting from foot to foot, these were utterly motionless. Their eyes, too, were unnatural, more like little lightbulbs than eyes. They were glowing. Red. He made a shooing motion at them, but they failed to react.\
With a shrug, the boy turned from the crows and approached the door. He knocked at the door, glancing on his shoulder to check on the crows and finding they hadn\'92t moved. When no answer came at the door, he tried the handle. The door swung open. Suddenly, the crows took flight. R\'e9my shrieked and closed the door. He put a hand to his heart and put his back against the door.\
\'93Pardon me,\'94 he said in his most masculine voice, puffing out his chest. Assuming his customary confidence and a dandyish posture, he sashayed, rather than walked, into the police headquarters, calling out for the attention of a policeman. \'93Officers? Anyone?\'94\
He gave a little laugh of quiet amusement.\
\'93Doesn\'92t anyone work here?\'94\
No one answered, but he heard the sound of somebody\'92s footsteps, the distinct scrape of a chair leg on a wooden floor. It seemed to be coming from the room to Andrew\'92s right. He put his hand on the latch of the door to the adjacent room. He could make out the silhouette of a man through a pane of glass in the door. He raised a hand, giving an uncertain wave to the man in the room. He turned the latch, as the man hurried to greet him. The door opened inward, and the man stumbled into it, as clumsily as if he were drunk.\
\'93Officer?\'94\
R\'e9my leaned in through the doorway, and caught a whiff of the policeman\'92s horrid stench. He smelled like the dead. R\'e9my recoiled from the offensive smell, stifling the scent by pulling his ascot up over his nose. Politeness be damned, there was no excusing such a smell. The policeman at last found his way around the door, giving the boy a good look at his face. His eyes widened.\
No wonder the smell! The policeman had some kind of affliction. His face looked to be rotting away. Great chunks of skin were missing from his cheeks and brow, revealing grey-black layers of muscle and bone beneath the skin. There were maggots writhing in the gangrenous wounds in his neck, and sickly yellow pus leaking from a deep gash in his shoulder that looked like a bite had been taken out of him. R\'e9my felt a wave of nausea come over him, but he swallowed it and took a prudent step back from the infected policeman. He had no interest in catching 
\i that
\i0  disease.\
\'93Good god, what\'92s happened to you?\'94 he said, backing away as the man continued to approach. The policeman put a hand out as if to touch him, forcing R\'e9my to increase his pace. He bumped into a wall, and the man nearly managed to touch him.\
\'93I\'92ll fetch a doctor,\'94 he said.\
\'93Unghhh,\'94 was all the man seemed capable of saying.\
\'93Right then,\'94 said R\'e9my, with some sarcasm. \'93If you\'92ll excuse me\'85\'94\
He reached for the latch of the back door, when suddenly the sick man lunged at him. R\'e9my ducked away from his grasp and pivoted around him. The man crashed into the door, blocking Andrew\'92s exit.\
\'93I\'92ll just use the front door then, shall I? Exit onto Whitehall?\'94\
\'93Nnghh,\'94 said the infected man.\
R\'e9my took a moment to get another look at him, trying to determine if this might be Roderick\'92s Inspector Taggert. He did have a moustache, which was how Roderick had described him, but Roderick had also said that the inspector was somewhat handsome. It was difficult to tell if this creature had once been handsome, but in spite of the disease that had claimed most of his face, R\'e9my thought he might have been. But then, it hadn\'92t been long since Roderick had last seen Taggert. Surely no disease could change a man so drastically in such a short time.\
With that in mind, he turned away from this man, hurrying down the hallway, keeping an eye on the sick wretch, who stumbled along clumsily after him. He peered into doorways along the way, finding the police station largely abandoned.\
Then, as he exited the hallway, entering into wide foyer, he found them. The rest of the policemen, a few civilians among them, judging by their clothing. Like the one behind him, they were sick. Their skin was rotten. The stench in this room caused bile to rise in Andrew\'92s throat, as the creatures turned as one to look at him. Their mouths opened, and the gesture seemed almost 
\i hungry
\i0  to R\'e9my.\
There was blood on the walls and floor, spilling over desks and onto the floor. There were severed body parts littering the room and in the hands of some of the sick individuals, clutched greedily to their chests as if they might be stolen away. Some of the men were missing arms, hands, and even legs. Some of them had gaping holes in their stomachs and chests, and were trailing organs.\
R\'e9my stumbled back, letting out a frightened gasp. He felt cold hands on his shoulders and away, batting frantically at the wretch\'92s hands, as if he\'92d run into a cobweb and had a fear of spiders. At last he managed to dislodge the hands from his shoulders. He twisted away, pushing past as the sick man snarled and bit at him.\
The others dropped their pieces of flesh and began rushing towards him, mob-like in their intent. Growling, more like animals than people, they moved as one, slowly at first, but like a freight train began to pick up speed until they were a mass of rotting flesh moving steadily down the hall towards him.\
He grasped at the door handle, flung it open, and hurried out onto the street. He slammed the door shut, and the mob crashed into it, causing the wood to splinter with their combined impact. Not waiting to see if they would manage to break it down, R\'e9my hurried down the street. Much as he loved Roderick, his message would have to remain undelivered.\
He stumbled into the street, dizzily glancing over his shoulder at the door to Scotland Yard. It shuddered again, and he heard the sound of cracking wood, but it held.\
His knees buckled, and he vomited on the sidewalk, bracing himself against the wall of the police station. When he was done, he got to his feet, wiped his mouth on his sleeve, and started walking.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2064E373-C5EA-4493-9541-7A1EC0A6D282"}}{\fldrslt He\'92d gone several blocks before his mind started working again and he realised where he was heading. He was en route to Roderick\'92s home. He felt a bit embarrassed at this realisation, that rather than seeking out a policeman or a doctor, he sought the comfort of his lover\'92s arms. He doubted Roderick would appreciate the sentiment either. As far as Roderick was concerned, R\'e9my was a model. Sure, they also enjoyed a more intimate relationship, but that hardly gave R\'e9my the right to call on him unannounced. Still, he carried on in the same direction anyway.\
Suddenly, he heard screaming. The sound had come from behind him. He saw, through the fog and the dim light of an oil lamp, a group of infected men attacking a young woman. Her shrill cries cut short as they bit into her throat. She twitched, as they tore pieces of flesh from her body, thrusting them into their mouths, and then she became still.\
They must have escaped the police station after all, R\'e9my thought, watching the horror silently from a distance. Quietly, careful not to draw their attention, he continued onward, watching over his shoulder to be sure they didn\'92t notice him, but after the woman grew still, they lost interest in her, and began to spread out again. And then, something remarkable happened. The woman got up.\
R\'e9my stopped. It was one thing to try to save his own skin when there was nothing he could do to save her. But the infected had left her, and she was still alive. He turned around, quietly making his way back to where she stood, dazed, staring blankly at him.\
\'93Miss,\'94 he said quietly, his voice almost a whisper. \'93Are you alright? Do you need help?\'94\
She stared silently back, not saying a word. He put a hand on her shoulder to get her attention. She must have been in shock. She twitched at his touch, and looked up at him, her expression dark and hungry.\
R\'e9my stepped back. The woman wasn\'92t rotten, or dripping pus, but she was clearly infected. She had that same vacant, dead-eyed stare. Her voice was that same hungry growl that seemed to come from ravaged lungs, an animalistic keening.\
He ran.\
Enough of this, he thought. The men who\'92d attacked the woman turned back at the sound of Andrew\'92s footfalls as he tore down the cobblestone street, but they were clumsy and sick and couldn\'92t match his pace, though they gave chase. He left them behind, pausing to catch his breath as he rounded a street corner.\
When they began to catch up again, he resumed his sprint. It was only a few more blocks to Roderick\'92s house. He only hoped that Roderick would be home by now.\
There were other pedestrians along the way, but R\'e9my avoided them, paranoid that they might be sick. Not letting anything else distract him, he reached Roderick\'92s place in a few minutes.}} He banged on the door.\
No answer, other than the excited yipping of Bailey, who scratched frantically at the door.\
\'93Good dog,\'94 he said. \'93Go on and fetch your master.\'94\
The dog continued to scratch at the door, whimpering and barking. Obviously the dog remembered R\'e9my, but it seemed like Roderick must not be home. If he was, Bailey would certainly have roused his attention.\
A few distant silhouettes began shuffling their way towards him, seemingly attracted by the sound of the dog barking. As they drew closer, he began to suspect that they were infected. Perhaps this disease hadn\'92t originated with the policemen, he thought. It seemed to be spread throughout the city. Everywhere he turned, the infected seemed to follow.\
He pulled Roderick\'92s note from his pocket. The infected were quickly closing in on him. If it was the last thing he did, he would let Roderick know that he\'92d been there, and that he\'92d failed to deliver his message. He flipped open the message, and quickly read through it for the last time.\
\'93Charles G, ran newspaper, reported on Resurrectionists. Silenced. Lord C, defected Resurrectionist? Infection deliberate, effectively silenced. Parson S, murder hobbyist, took an interest in Resurrectionists. Silenced. Think who else may be a threat to the Resurrectionists. Your life may be in danger. Take care. Roderick.\'94\
The abbreviated names, while they were likely to mean something to Inspector Taggert, were lost on R\'e9my. But a few phrases resonated. 
\i Infection deliberate
\i0 . Could that refer to the infection R\'e9my had just witnessed? Could someone really 
\i intentionally
\i0  spread this infection, he wondered. 
\i Your life in danger
\i0 . Well, Scotland Yard had indeed been hit by the infection. If the infection was indeed deliberate, then Roderick had been right. If only R\'e9my could have gotten the message there sooner.\
The sound of a steam engine interrupted Andrew\'92s thoughts as he folded the sheet of paper and stooped to slide it under the door. He looked around for whatever machine the engine was powering, and was surprised to discover that the sound was coming from above.\
Through the fog, the steam-powered machine emerged. It was roughly the size of a cabriolet, spherical in shape, and on each side it had a huge pair of canvas wings, lined with metal. With each chug of the steam engine, the wings flapped clumsily, like the wings of an enormous albatross.\
The ornithopter descended, and R\'e9my could see its passengers through a rounded window that lined its front side. Two gentlemen in the crow-like masks of plague doctors. But even with the strange mask on, R\'e9my could recognize his lover. Roderick was far too much the dandy not to be recognised, even with his face completely covered. Andrew\'92s heart leapt.\
The great machine landed in front of Roderick\'92s house, and a door opened. Roderick stepped down, brandishing his cane like a weapon. He tipped his hat at R\'e9my, raised the sword-tipped point of his cane, and thrust it into the skull of the nearest 
\i infected
\i0 . The creature fell to the ground\
\'93R\'e9my, my dear boy!\'94 he said affectionately, his voice muffled by the strange mask.\
\'93You remembered my name,\'94 said R\'e9my with a laugh.\
Roderick opened his arms, and R\'e9my practically fell into them. He looked up at Roderick and gave him an earnest look, trying to peer through the lenses that covered his eyes.\
\'93Of course I did!\'94 Roderick protested.\
\'93You never have before,\'94 R\'e9my reminded him, though his tone was gentle, teasing.\
\'93We don\'92t have time for this,\'94 said Roderick\'92s companion, an elderly gentleman, to judge from his voice and his stooped posture. \'93In case you hadn\'92t noticed, this city\'92s going to hell, even as we speak.\'94\
He gestured around them to illustrate his point. The infected were still closing in on them, shuffling awkwardly on their stiff limbs, their bodies ravaged and broken. But while they were slow and clumsy, their pace was steady, their arrival inevitable.\
\'93Alright, alright,\'94 Roderick relented. \'93Let me just grab Bailey and we\'92ll be on our way.\'94\
Roderick gave R\'e9my a pat on the shoulder and stepped past him. He unlocked the door and let Bailey out. The dog yipped excitedly, dancing little circles in front of his master. His tail wagged happily.\
\'93Happy to see you too, my old friend,\'94 he said, scooping up the little dog into his arms. \'93Come on then.\'94\
With that, he took R\'e9my by the hand and led him to the ornithopter\'92s steps. R\'e9my climbed inside, took Bailey off of Roderick\'92s hands, and settled into a seat as Roderick clambered in after him.\
As the door closed, the infected closed in on the flying machine. Roderick shouted for them to take off, and a moment later, the pilot complied. R\'e9my felt a twinge in his stomach as they lifted off the ground. The infected outstretched their arms, reaching up into the sky after them, but the ornithopter was beyond their reach. The infected creatures on the ground grew smaller and smaller, until they were as tiny as toys, and then until they disappeared into the fog and the dark.}