{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Cold surgical steel sliced into rotten flesh, cutting through gristle and tendons as easily as carving a roast. Slabs of rotting meat began to pile up in the doorway, but still, they pressed forward. Annabel tried to get a count, but it was impossible to gauge how many there were with the door half-closed and their grunting, snarling faces so close to her own.\
She planted a firm kick at one that had gotten too close for comfort, sending him sprawling backwards, but another one took his place. Intestines dangling, utterly naked, with blood in her blond hair, the zombie snapped her teeth, inches from Annabel\'92s neck. She heard a cry of pain from beside her, Abraham\'92s voice, but she had her own problems. She thrust her blade into the woman\'92s skull, heard the crunch of bone and brain, and moved on.\
Killing the zombies was simple enough, once she had the hang of it. She only had to destroy the brain. Any other wound would not suffice. Destroy the brain, and the body would go limp, cease attacking.\
Easier said than done. Annabel grabbed the hilt of her blade, pulled it from the skull of her latest kill, and went for the next one. Her blade caught him beneath his jaw, aimed upward into the brain. He went limp. Again, she set her sights on another that had gotten too close, pulled the blade from the man\'92s jaw.\
She cried out as two zombies grabbed her at once, one of them by the hair, the other by her right arm. The blade clattered to the floor and disappeared as the zombies climbed over it. She felt another set of hands seize her as she fought to fend them off.\
Her hair had come loose, as the walking corpse had gotten hold of it, and it was in her face. He was pulling at it, trying to bring her head closer to his gaping mouth. The other one was trying to get at her throat, but she was holding him off with her arm.\
The third one had suddenly let her go, and she heard the disturbing 
\i slop
\i0  of something juicy being eaten. She couldn\'92t see what it was with her hair in her face, but she detected the smell of warm blood mingled with the smell of rot. She heard the crunch of gnashing teeth, the moans of contentment for the unliving.\
She started to scream, but she knew there was nobody to help her now. It was Abraham that was being eaten. Her screams fell silent, turned into a whimper as they began to finish their meal and set their blood-wet fingers on her cheeks and on her neck.\
She raised her arm. It was all she could do to keep that one from getting at her neck. She felt a clump of hair tear out of her scalp, but suddenly she could see again. See the unliving man\'92s jaws close around her arm. He clamped down until his rotten teeth ripped throat her shirt and into her arm.\
Suddenly, she heard gunfire, and she felt the cold hands being pried off of her. She dealt with the one on her arm, punching him with her left until his face caved in and he stumbled back. She broke his legs with a sharp kick, and he fell to the ground. With a cry of rage and adrenaline, she stomped on his skull with her boot, killing him.\
Panting for breath, her face and hair slick with cold wet blood, she turned to her saviour. For a moment, she\'92d thought it might have been Abraham, not dead after all, but it was Mr. O she found before her. He was looking at her with a mixture of horror and relief. She offered him a smile, which given her current state, was probably not very comforting.\
\'93Not that I\'92m unhappy to see you, but what are you doing here?\'94 she said, relief actually creeping into her voice.\
Ignoring the question, he took a cautious step towards her.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6DF314DB-E945-41CF-8BDD-DB96CB06E659"}}{\fldrslt \'93You\'92ve been bitten,\'94 he said. There was no question in his voice. He\'92d seen the zombie biting into her arm.\
\'93I\'92m fine,\'94 she said.\
She took a moment to survey the room. The scientists were all dead, with the exception of Dr. Simms, who was cowering beneath one of the hospital beds. There were still zombies strapped to the beds. There was blood everywhere, and body parts and corpses littered the floor. Abraham\'92s body was unrecognizable amidst the pile of bodies. She shuddered and turned away. She felt like she might be sick.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \'93Let me see your arm,\'94 Mr. O persisted.\
\'93I said I\'92m fine.\'94\
\'93I must insist,\'94 said Mr. O, \'93You do realise that a bite from one of these creatures can be fatally infectious? If your skin is punctured\'85\'94\
She looked up from her task. She\'92d found a rag amongst the scientific equipment, and after wiping the blood from her face, was using it to clean her boots. She fixed him with a deadly stare. \'93I\'92m. Fine.\'94\
Apparently not being one to back down, he ignored the warning in her voice. \'93We don\'92t know for certain that you\'92re immune,\'94 he said, concern written all over his face. \'93Please, just quit being stubborn and let me examine you.\'94\
\'93He\'92s right, you know,\'94 said Dr. Simms, coming out from beneath the metal cot. \'93If you\'92ve been bitten, and if you\'92ve been infected, it\'92s possible we can still stop the infection from spreading if we amputate.\'94\
Finally, Miss Monday relented. She began by peeling off her glove. \'93Little late for that,\'94 she said, scoffing.\
\'93It may very well be,\'94 Mr. O replied, managing to sound both sarcastic and concerned for her welfare.\
Then she drew back her sleeve, and he fell silent.\
He stared at her quietly, as he suddenly understood her reluctance to allow him to examine her arm. As she\'92d said, there was no cause for concern about the bite.\
Her arm was a prosthetic. Like the clockwork eye she strapped to her face each morning, it was made of mechanical parts. Gears which clicked as she rotated her forearm, hydraulics which hissed as she flexed her artificial muscles. Gears clicked with the steady rhythm of a clock each time she rotated her wrist. Each joint bore a keyhole. The key with which she wound her clockwork eye was a perfect fit for her arm as well.\
It was made of copper and brass, with the same extraordinary workmanship as her mechanical eye. It moved with quiet motions, even as the gears whirred and clicked. She demonstrated the dexterity in her hand by flexing each of her fingers in turn, clenching her hand into a fist.\
\'93See,\'94 she said, \'93No bite marks.\'94\
In awe, Mr. O reached out a hand to touch her arm.\
\'93Don\'92t,\'94 she warned him.\
He retracted his hand.\
\'93Sorry,\'94 he said. \'93It\'92s just\'85\'94\
\'93What?\'94 she said, covering up her arm again with her sleeve. \'93Freakish? Inhuman?\'94\
\'93Fascinating,\'94 he murmured. He was looking at her in a way that she found unsettling. Unsettling in that it was sincere, honest, and\'97dare she think it\'97affectionate.\
She blushed. No one had ever looked at her in this way, not after they\'92d seen her arm. Most men blanched at the sight of her eye, and the scar that ran down the length of her face. She was pretty, sure, but she was also disfigured. If the eye wasn\'92t enough to turn people away, her arm most certainly was.\
But Mr. O reached out, gently, and touched her cheek. She flushed, hot, and felt her heart flutter in her chest.\
\'93You\'92re not a freak,\'94 said Mr. O. \'93You\'92re extraordinary.\'94\
He put his hand against the back of her neck, leaned in close, and let his lips linger half an inch from hers.\
Almost against her will, she reached out in return, and pressed her brass hand against the back of his neck, pressed her body close to his, and pressed her lips against his. She felt too vulnerable, too exposed, with her arm uncovered like this.\
Her breath caught in her throat, and she felt a warmth in her very bones, as he returned her kiss. Her heart pounded, and she felt her cheeks flush, red-hot. It started as a gentle kiss, his lips tenderly caressing hers, but it quickly gave way to passion and fire, and he kissed her roughly, grasping her by the back of the head tightly.\
Maddeningly, he suddenly pulled away from her, but it was only to catch his breath. Then he leaned back in and began to plant kisses upon her neck, small wet kisses that moved their way up her neck and caused her to grasp the hair on the back of his neck and press herself as close to him as she could. She pressed her left hand against his hip, and she moaned softly as his teeth tugged at the lobe of her ear.\
He put his hand upon her arm. She couldn\'92t feel it there, not exactly, but she felt a slight pressure in her shoulder, where the prosthesis was affixed to her flesh.\
After a moment, she drew back and looked at him like an addict might look at a bottle of absinthe. With a mixture of wariness and attraction. She staggered back and looked about in horror.\
\'93My god,\'94 she said. \'93Such horror abounds, and yet here we are. Locking lips while the plague spreads. We must truly be deviants.\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he told her.\
\'93Don\'92t be,\'94 Annabel replied, leaning towards him once more, much to Dr. Simms loudly vocalized discomfort. \'93I\'92m afraid I rather liked it.\'94}}}