{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  should already have arrived at the clock tower, but Henry Charles Ocelot and Mrs. Hatton had no other plan but to continue waiting. Any number of things could have caused the delay. They\'92d barely made their rendezvous on time themselves. Since leaving Trafalgar Square, they\'92d come across 
\i hundreds
\i0  of zombies and had had to make the journey on foot, making use of a number of unscheduled detours. The airship crew had the advantage of navigating the sky, but that was assuming they\'92d made it back to the airship after completing their mission.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://0885828B-D479-4444-AE69-0AF1DBD6BD40"}}{\fldrslt The zombies were everywhere, wandering like ghosts through the shadows. The inhuman sound of distant, hungry moaning had become a soundscape as constant as the striations of crickets in a cornfield, each voice blending with another. The sound was punctuated only by the occasional screams of the living as they either ran for cover or were eaten alive.}}\
The sound reverberated along the cobblestones, while Henry Charles and Marianne found a quiet corner to catch their breath and wait. They were largely ignored by the zombies, which were distracted by the sounds of distant screams or the scent of freshly spilled blood. So long as they remained perfectly still, even as the occasional zombie stumbled towards them, they encountered little trouble. Still, every time one of those creatures even looked in their direction, their hearts would begin to race and Mrs. Hatton\'92s arm would begin to tremble.\
\'93How much longer do we wait?\'94 asked Mrs. Hatton when the coast was clear.\
By answer, Henry Charles pointed up at the sky. The 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  had floated into view.\
\'93Just until it touches down, I suppose,\'94 he said.\
Mrs. Hatton let out a yip of joy.\
\'93I never thought they\'92d make it,\'94 she said with a triumphant laugh.\
\'93Honestly,\'94 said Henry Charles, \'93Neither did I.\'94\
They waited, not entirely calmly, as the dirigible descended. The zombies continued to meander in the near distance, and sometimes they got a bit too close for comfort. The dirigible made its way down slowly, coming in right beside Big Ben, its propellers whirring, its sails retracted. The zombies paid no attention to it, setting their sights instead on earthbound things.\
When the ship was close enough to the ground, they could make out Captain Merrick standing at the prow. The crew emerged beside him and looked down into the sea of fog.\
Henry Charles and Mrs. Hatton emerged from their little alcove and waved, not daring to call out for fear of drawing unwanted attention. They waved with both arms, taking care to watch their surroundings and not just the ship above.\
From within the fog, a figure emerged. From this distance, it was impossible to know if he was alive or a zombie. Henry Charles preferred not to wait around to find out. He glanced up.\
\'93They see us,\'94 Mrs. Hatton whispered.\
He nodded, hopefully not belying how nervous he felt. He wasn\'92t sure if Mrs. Hatton had seen the figure in the distance. He drew closer; it was a living man, judging by his gait. The closer he got, the more his features revealed themselves. The mask upon his head, bird-like and dark, that of a plague doctor. A murder of crows glided above his head, their wings spread. They flew unnaturally close to one another, like a bunch of helium balloons. Likely, they were not birds at all, but machines, built of brass and wood, painted black and decorated with feathers and glass eyes. There were strings attached to each of their ankles, and the Resurrectionist pulled the strings, dragging the birds along like kites. Every now and then one of them would emit a hiss of green air that would trail behind it, dispersing into the fog.\
\'93You\'92ll \'92ave ter climb up, guv. Ma\'92am,\'94 Kippar Lockwood shouted, tipping his hat to the pair, \'93Beggin\'92 your forgiveness, but it ain\'92t safe ter land.\'94\
The crew had let down a rope ladder. It dangled just above, beyond Mrs. Hatton\'92s reach.\
\'93Come, you\'92ll have to go first,\'94 he said, keeping a wary eye on the figure in the fog. He bent on one knee, allowing Mrs. Hatton to step up onto his leg, and boosted her up so she could reach the ladder. He watched as she began to ascend. He returned his attention to the Resurrectionist, but the man was gone. Vanished into the fog.\
He reached for the rope.}