{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The dinner hour will completely test the refinement, culture, and good breeding that the individual may possess. To appear advantageously at the table, the person must not only understand the laws of etiquette, but he must have the advantage of polite society. It is the province of this chapter to show what the laws of the table are. It will be the duty of the reader, in the varied relations of life, to make such use of them as circumstances shall permit.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Etiquette For Hosts and Hostesses\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Having determined upon the number of guests to be invited, the next thing in order will be the issuing of notes of invitation by special messenger, which should be sent out ten or twelve days before the dinner is given.\
For a very pleasant social affair the rule is not to have the company when seated exceed twelve in number. None of them should be conspicuously superior to the others, and all should be from the same circle of society.\
The hour having arrived, the host offers his right arm to the most honoured or possibly the eldest lady guest, and the gentleman most distinguished will escort the lady of the house.\
Let us hope if there is any carving, it will be done before the meat is brought to the table, and the time of the company saved from this sometimes slow and tedious work.\
It is customary for the gentleman who is the head of the household, in the ordinary family circle, to sit at the side of the table, in the centre, having plates at his right hand, with food nearby. When all the family are seated, and all is in readiness, he will serve the eldest lady of the household, and then the ladies and gentlemen as they come in order.\
The hostess will sit opposite her husband, and preside of the tea, sauces, etc.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Behaviour To Be Avoided At the Table\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Never open your mouth when chewing\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never make noises with the mouth or throat\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never leave the table with food in the mouth\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never tip the back in your chair nor lounge upon the table\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never permit yourself to use gestures, nor illustrations made with a knife or fork on the tablecloth\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never hold bones in your fingers while you eat from them\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never encourage a dog or cat to play with you at the table\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never explain at the table why certain foods do not agree with you\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never pick your teeth or put your hand in your mouth while eating\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never wipe your fingers on the tablecloth, nor clean them in your mouth. Use the napkin. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Etiquette For Guests
\b0 \
\
It is of the utmost importance that all of the company be punctual, arriving from ten to fifteen minutes before the appointed time. To be ten minutes late, keeping the dinner waiting, is a serious offence which no one should be guilty of.\
Sit upright, neither too close nor too far away from the table. Open and spread upon your lap or breast a napkin if one is provided\'97otherwise a handkerchief. Do not be in haste; compose yourself; put your mind into a pleasant condition, and resolve to eat slowly.\
Keep the hands from the table until your time comes to be served. It is rude to take knife and fork in hand and commence drumming on the table while you are waiting. Eccentricity should be avoided as much as possible at the table.\
Possibly grace will be said by someone present, and the most respectful attention and quietude should be observed until the exercise is passed.\
It is the most appropriate time, while you wait to be served, for you to put into practice your knowledge of small talk and pleasant words with those whom you are sitting near.\
Do not be impatient to be served. WIth social chitchat and eating, the meal-time should always be prolonged from thirty minutes to an hour.\
If soup comes first, and you do not desire it, you will simply say, \'93No, I thank you,\'94 but make no comment; or you may take it and eat as little as you choose.\
The soup should be eaten with a medium-sized spoon, so slowly and carefully that you will drop none upon your person or the tablecloth.\
Making an effort to get the last drop, and all unusual noise when eating, should be avoided.\
If furnished with potatoes in small dishes, you will put the skins back into the dish again; and thus where there are side dishes all refuse should be placed in them. Otherwise potato-skins will bee placed upon the tablecloth, and bones upon the side of the plate. If possible, avoid putting waste matter upon the cloth.\
The gentleman, when a dish is brought, having seen the lady he escorted provided for, will help himself and pass it on. He will pay no attention to the other lady near him, but will lleave that to her escort. In all cases he will be attentive to the wants of the lady in his charge, ascertaining her wishes and issuing her orders to the waiters.\
No polite guest will ever fastidiously smell or examine any article of food before tasting it. Such conduct would be an insult to those who have invited him. Neither will the host or hostess apologize for the cooking.\
Etiquette demands that each member of the company remain at least an hour after the dinner is finished, it being impolite to hurry away immediately.\
Never expectorate at the table; also avoid sneezing or coughing. It is better to arise quietly from the table if you have occasion to do either. A sneeze is prevented by placing the finger firmly on the upper lip.\
Never spit out bones, cherry pits, grape skins, etc., upon your plate. Quietly press them from your mouth upon your fork, and lay them upon the side of your plate.\
Never allow the conversation at the table to drift into anything but chitchat. The consideration of deep and abstruse principles will impair digestion.\
\

\b Behaviour To Be Avoided At the Table\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Never allow butter, soup, or other food to remain on your whiskers.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never wear gloves at the table, unless your hands for some special reason are unfit to be seen.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never, when serving others, overload the plate nor force upon them delicacies which they decline.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never make a display when removing hair, insects, or other disagreeable things from your food. Place them quietly under the edge of your plate.\
}