{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Perhaps his paranoia was born out of habit, a result of his unusual choice of career. Then again, perhaps it was not paranoia at all. Perhaps it was intuition. Whatever it was, Charles Grimmer believed he was being followed.\
The weather was cold, as it often was in London, but at least it was not raining. The evening was overcast, gloomy, and dark, but Charles had dressed sensibly, with a riding jacket and scarf. He carried an umbrella, just in case the weather were to change without warning. He\'92d worn a pair of his finest and warmest gloves, and woollen trousers that could be worn amongst London\'92s elite but which would also keep him warm.\
He set off to hail a cab, concerned that his private coach might be recognized. He flagged down an approaching hansom and when it stopped, climbed in.\
He gave the directions to his driver, who gave him a curt nod. He urged the horse onward with a crack of the whip, and they were on their way. The horse\'92s gait was quick and musical as it clopped along the cobblestone. The little carriage rattled as it rolled along the street toward the Printing Company.\
\'93Can we go any faster?\'94 he asked the driver.\
The driver responded with another crack of the whip, which spurred the horse on to a quicker pace. He watched as the driver of the carriage in question cracked his own whip and urged his own horse to pick up speed.\
\'93Right,\'94 he said, \'93Turn right here.\'94\
\'93But Sir,\'94 said the driver.\
\'93Hard right,\'94 he insisted, though Grimmer and Sons was in the opposite direction.\
The driver shrugged and made the turn. They tore around the corner, taking the turn roughly. The cab bounced hard on the pavement. It rattled and lurched as they sped around the curve, but the driver managed to keep the vehicle upright. Charles tossed him an extra coin for his troubles, and he grunted in reply, urging the horse to even greater speed.\
\'93Left here,\'94 he said, craning his neck to watch as the other carriage pursued them still, taking the corner with reckless abandon.\
There was no longer any doubt that he was being followed. His heart hammering, he withdrew a notepad and pen. Being the owner of a number of newspapers and a printing company, he had taken to carrying a pen and paper in his pockets at all times. His hands were constantly stained with ink, much to Mrs. Grimmer\'92s chagrin. He began writing furiously, dabbing his pen in his ink pad.\
They took the next corner with even greater speed than the first, so that they nearly collided with the cab in front of them. A line streaked across the paper, a blotch of ink soaking through the pages.\
The driver steered around the other vehicle, taking the wrong side of the street in order to pass it. Charles tossed him a sovereign and directed him to hang a left.\
He did as commanded, but the coach responded in kind, matching their every move. He patted his side and took comfort in the slight revolver-shaped bulge that he felt there.\
\'93Take the next right,\'94 he instructed, \'93Don\'92t slow down.\'94\
They took the corner at breakneck speed. The cab threatened to roll over. Charles Grimmer braced himself for a fall. He heard the thunder of galloping hooves, and felt the carriage roll up onto one wheel.\
\'93Hold on, Sir,\'94 said the driver.\
At last, the driver managed to get the hansom back under control. Its second wheel touched back down again, and they were off.\
\'93Keep going,\'94 he urged, though his heart was thundering just as quick as the stallion in front of them.\
He turned around in his seat, but he could hardly see a thing from where he sat. He stuck his head out the window, and a bullet whizzed past his head. He cursed and pulled his head back inside.\
\'93Next right,\'94 he called, thinking he\'92d lose his pursuers here, in Hyde Park.\
The bright expanse of green and fragrant flower gardens by day was transformed by night into a black field with creeping vines and the strange nocturnal cries of birds of prey.\
\'93Keep driving,\'94 Charles instructed. \'93Act as though nothing has happened.\'94\
He tore out the page from his notebook, handed it to the driver.\
\'93One last thing. I need you to deliver this letter. It is of the utmost importance. Will you do that for me?\'94\
Perhaps the man saw the desperation in his eyes, or perhaps he was just a kind, generous soul. He gave a nod and promised to see the letter delivered.\
Without further warning, Charles flung open the door and tumbled onto the dark green. He rolled across the grass, the wind knocked out of him. He lay flat, keeping his eyes to the ground, and watched as the other cab continued to follow the hansom. With any luck, they hadn\'92t seen him leave the cab. He could lose them here.\
The carriage rolled to a stop. Its doors swung open, and its passengers stepped out of the cab. The first man out of the carriage began making his way directly toward Charles.\
Charles got to his feet, hurrying to hide himself amongst a copse of tall trees. It was dark and quiet beneath the thick canopy of the trees, the silence penetrated by occasional hoot of an owl. He pressed his back against the back of a tall tree. He held his breath and listened for his pursuers.\
He heard the crunch of leaves beneath a man\'92s foot. A single footstep that betrayed his location.\
He waited, counting out the few footsteps that followed the first one. Finally, when he was undoubtedly within striking distance, he came out quite literally swinging. He brandished his umbrella as a weapon, hoping to catch the man off guard. But the man was gone.\
Suddenly there came the crack of a twig from behind him. He swung around and found himself face to face with a man nearly twice his size. Standing at nearly eight feet tall, his opponent wore a hooded cloak and the black, leather mask of a plague doctor. Despite the mask, there was of course no doubt as to the man\'92s identity.\
\'93The Irish Giant,\'94 Charles breathed in terror.\
Dr. Allen must not be far behind, he realised. The Giant was fearsome, but he was simply the muscle. The real threat was the doctor. He would have sent the Giant ahead to collect Charles, and to bring him to the laboratory where the doctor conducted his experiments.\
As he sized the man up, he took a moment to note his surroundings, consider a possible escape route. If he could simply outrun the man, he might still survive this.\
To give himself a headstart, he thrust the tip of the umbrella as hard as he could manage straight into the brute\'92s foot. He grunted in surprise but made no other reaction.\
Charles deftly brought the umbrella up toward the man\'92s chin, striking with the umbrella\'92s wooden handle. The Giant let out a groan of pain, and Charles took off running.\
He felt an enormous hand seize him by the neck and haul him back. He choked as his feet lifted off the ground, the Giant\'92s strong hands crushing his windpipe. The Giant moved his hands to grab Charles by the legs and shoulders, and Charles gasped for air, kicking his legs furiously.\
The Giant grabbed Charles tighter, holding him against his own chest, like a destitute mother smothering her child. Charles could no longer even struggle.\
\'93I\'92ve got him,\'94 said the Irish Giant, turning so Charles could see the doctor, masked like his assailant.\
\'93Well done, Mr. Hyde,\'94 said the doctor.\
Charles was beginning to lose consciousness, the giant was squeezing the air out of him, like a boa constrictor crushing its prey. His face had gone blue, his breaths were shallow. He felt his ribs crack. He thought dimly of a woman. Not Mrs. Grimmer, but someone else. There had been another woman in his life, when he was a much younger man. It had been so long since he\'92d thought of her, but now she was all that he could think of. She would be his final thought.}