{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Apollo loved her, \'92till her guilt he knew, while true she was, or whilst he thought her true. But his own bird the raven chanced to find the false one with a secret rival joined.\'94\
\'93Ovid,\'94 said Roderick Steen with a glance at the Chief Inspector.\
\'93Sorry?\'94\
\'93It\'92s a passage from Ovid\'92s 
\i Metamorphoses
\i0 ,\'94 he explained, thrusting a piece of black liquorice into his mouth. He sucked on the candy as he recalled the poem. \'93The raven tells Apollo of his lover\'92s infidelity. A tryst with a mortal, if I correctly recall.\'94\
\'93What does it mean?\'94 Taggert asked.\
Roderick gave a shrug.\
\'93Well, I\'92m just guessing, but I\'92d say our Apollo here is being taunted from beyond the grave,\'94 he said, looking at the body of with a piteous expression on his face. \'93His wife was unfaithful.\'94\
A woman had found the body in Hyde Park in the wee hours of the morning and had screamed for the police until someone had come to her aid. The police, sensibly, had called for an expert, and Roderick had eagerly made his way to the scene. He\'92d been rewarded by arriving in time to hear the corpse reciting poetry.\
The horn of a phonograph was hidden in the victim\'92s mouth for this purpose, rigged so that the message would play as soon as someone touched the body, his lips sewn to pistons and pulleys to provide animation throughout the message, giving off the rudimentary impression that he was speaking aloud. The message would play just the once.\
The man\'92s hands had been removed. They were replaced with the mechanical pieces of a typewriter. His chest had been carved out, his organs surgically removed. What the murderer had done with them, Roderick couldn\'92t say. His guts were filled with the brass and steel of machinery. The man\'92s elbows had been sawed off, his upper and lower arms joined again by brass pipes. Metal posts had been driven into the ground and into the man\'92s legs. Thinner metal rods affixed to the arms allowed the man to stand upright, producing a thin illusion that he was still alive. The murderer would have taken care to complete as much of this work as possible with the victim still alive.\
\'93Any idea who we\'92re looking at?\'94 asked Taggert.\
Roderick considered his reply, looking particularly at the victim\'92s typewriter hands.\
\'93A newspaper man,\'94 he said thoughtfully. \'93But the more important question is, who did this to him?\'94\
\'93Well, you\'92re the expert, Roderick,\'94 Taggert muttered, twirling his moustache in irritation. \'93Do you not recognize the handiwork of your nemesis?\'94\
Roderick snorted. Yes, Roderick had been following Dr. Allen\'92s case since the beginning. It was his expertise that had given the police a suspect in the first place. Until he managed to name Dr. Allen, they\'92d been chasing a shadow. Now at least, the shadow had a name. But Roderick wasn\'92t one for leaping to conclusions. Not without first examining the clues.\
Roderick noted the size of the footsteps in the muddy grass. They could only have been made by one man.\
\'93The Irish Giant must have been here,\'94 he noted.\
And where the Irish Giant went, the doctor was sure to follow.\
\'93So it 
\i is
\i0  Allen?\'94 said the Inspector.\
\'93Possibly,\'94 Roderick replied.\
\'93What do you mean 
\i possibly.
\i0 \'94\
\'93Possibly. An adverb indicating hesitancy. As in perhaps. Maybe.\'94\

\i Twirl, twirl
\i0 , 
\i twirl, 
\i0 went Taggert\'92s moustache.\
\'93I know what possibly means!\'94 He took a deep breath. \'93Do you really think someone 
\i else
\i0  could have done this?\'94\
Roderick shrugged.\
\'93The doctor might have been having a bad day,\'94 he said, looking once more to the cadaver. \'93But these incisions are not as clean as usual. On the other hand, the automaton is actually more sophisticated than usual, which might mean that he\'92s been honing his skill as an engineer, but the 
\i surgery
\i0  is not up to par. It gives me pause, that\'92s all.\'94\

\i Twirl, twirl.
\i0 \
Roderick took a step forward. He withdrew, from his pocket, a magnifying glass, and bent down on one knee to get a closer look at the incisions. As he\'92d said, the cuts were clean, but not up to par with the extreme precision of Dr. Allen\'92s usual work. He began sorting through the man\'92s pockets, and managed to procure a business card with the man\'92s name on it. 
\i Charles Grimmer
\i0 . He showed the card to the inspector. Finding nothing else of import, he gave the body a sniff. It certainly smelt like a dead body. He stood up.\
\'93Then again, the killing does possess all the trademarks of his usual work\'97including those that have not been publicized\'97which means that it cannot be the work of a copycat. It may be that the doctor has an accomplice or an apprentice, or it may be that I\'92m simply overthinking things; it wouldn\'92t be the first time. The Irish Giant, the phonograph, the disassembly and reassembly of the cadaver, it\'92s all 
\i very
\i0  Dr. Allen. And yet\'85\'94\
\'93It\'92s been a long time since his last killing,\'94 said the Inspector.\
\'93Yes,\'94 Roderick admitted. \'93I\'92m afraid I had begun to hope that we had seen the last of him. It seems I was wrong.\'94}