{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs28 \cf0 - New character to be added: Wagner, The Irish Giant\
- Novel now begins with Charles Grimmer's death\
- Need new scenes with Roderick Steen investigating the series of murders. Have him investigate Bertrand Melbourne's death as well. Make Dr. Allen a "good guy" - all of his murders should be committed under the influence of the serum. Need an explanation for Jack blaming all of his murders on his father.\
- Remove scenes with The Moirae\
- More background on Mrs. Grimmer - less flip-flopping. Clearer explanation of Jonathan and Jack's family tree situation\
- Better consistency of Dr. Simms' character\
- Roderick should request a list of guests from the party, should request a meeting with Mrs. Karnstein\
- Lord Connor's safe should not contain schematics; it should contain a remote activation device
\i0 \

\i - Inconsistency with Dr. Allen's pseudonym being derived from the street name and the street name being derived from Dr. Allen's name
\i0 \

\i - Scene describing the upgrade of The Penny Dreadful doesn't entirely make sense, nor does it make sense for Jonathan's butler to defend Mrs. Grimmer\
- Either flesh out the scene where Jack kills a prostitute, or remove it. Later, show the prostitute as a zombie?\
- Lister's Spray should be used, rather than perfume bottle. Reference this in the scene in which Dr. Allen practices surgery}