{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid14}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 1.	If you can, please suggest one scene that could potentially be removed entirely from the novel.\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 I can't think of any scene that should be removed, however, and this is entirely myself as a reader that some scenes linger in the graphic effect during the zombie combat. Again, this would dilute the effect you are after. (I don't wish to take away the need to thrill the audience.) I quickly accustomed myself to the effect and with it understood the need to describe the hordes.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
One of the novel's themes is masks. Many of the principal characters either wear masks or assume false identities throughout the novel. Jack is Anthony Tidkins, Jonathan is Mr. O, Annabel is Miss Monday, etc. With so many aliases and a relatively large cast of characters, did you find it difficult to keep track of characters' names and identities?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
At first, yes, but as I continued to read, the names and descriptions of the characters became clear and as to the reason for their aliases. Each one was taken from a Penny Dreadful novel (if memory serves me correctly), at least most of them that is... Jonathan's, however, was taken from his middle name. It was good that the Resurrectionists were introduced a little at a time, thus given the reader time to absorb there appearances, the masks, and there motives. Jack for one, was key, or Mr. Tidkins. This gave me time to accustom myself with their behavior. Foremost, with Dr. Allen, at the very beginning of the story. The masks were definitely a helpful hallmark.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If there was one character you felt was a bit underdeveloped, who was it, and why? Is there any character you wanted to know more about, regardless of how well-developed you felt they were?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
For this question, it would be a matter of awaiting the sequel. The characters up front were well defined, especially those that played key primary rolls. I realize there were secondary players that helped along the way to develop a back story. I guess the more enigmatic characters, were Mrs. Grimmer, Charles Ocelot and Mrs. Hatton. These characters had me intrigued as to there timing in the story.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who was your favourite character, and why?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Annabel and Jonathan. Annabel is the\'a0quintessential misguided soul that inevitably turns out to be the hero... form rags to intrigue, and even a sort of tragedy that makes you feel sorry for her. The fact that she has a mechanical eye and arm is cool too. <Grins> I am partial to mechanical things. Jonathan is the reluctant fellow that turns action hero in his own right. Oh, lest I forget, the acting detective, Roderick He was the most colorful, and had the most "character". I kept envisioning his quarks, the way he dressed and even bravado.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls6\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Being a horror/suspense novel, it is important to know what effect the frightening or gory scenes had. With that in mind, which scene did you find most frightening or unsettling, if any? What about that scene was unsettling?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
I believe the most gruesome scene would be when Anabel was telling her tragic story about the loss of her eye and arm when she was sent to Haiti to kill Papa Doc. The singular zombie that had no legs, and the fact she was unaware of the effective method of killing them. Once done, or so she thought, out comes her foe and gouges her eye underneath the bird mask then her arm. Being of vivid mindedness, I tend to visualize words in technicolor.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Which was the greater threat\'97the zombies, or the Resurrectionists?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
The odds are in the numbers, and how fast the virus spreads, but that's the effect of the source. So I would say the people that created the virus to begin with, the 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Resurrectionist
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. Or more specifically Dr. Allen, who mentored Jack. Jack became the true monster, sadly to say. In a strange way I felt sorry for him as a boy and a young man trying to cope with a lack of love and guidance from his true parents.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls8\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The novel establishes a number of different villains, each involved in the Resurrectionist plot. Mrs. Grimmer, Jack, Dr. Allen. Who would you say was the principal antagonist, and why?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
The most obvious is Dr. Allen since he mentored Jack, however, I'm leaning toward Mrs Grimmer only because her character was still in question. She seems to be playing both fields leaving the one question, who's side is she on, and secondly, can you trust her?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls9\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
8. The "reveal" of Annabel's prosthetic arm is meant to be a surprise, both to the reader, and to Jonathan, although there are small hints earlier in the novel. Did her mechanical arm come as a surprise to you? Was it an effective reveal?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
A surprise most definitely... the reveal was also affective when the zombie attacked her in the laboratory. I was like, oh cool... <grins again>.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls10\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The novel gets a bit complicated near the end. Mrs. Grimmer is revealed to be a Resurrectionist, then convinces Jonathan that she is not, sends his allies on a wild goose chase in order to prevent them from stopping the Dead London project, and is proven to be a Resurrectionist after all. It is later revealed that Jonathan was the product of an affair and not her legitimate son, and that Jack is her son (with Dr. Allen) from an affair of her own\'97hence her allegiance to the Resurrectionists and betrayal of Jonathan. Was this explained clearly enough in the novel? Was it presented logically, and did the characters come to this conclusion in a way that was believable?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
I always have trouble with family trees... complications with who's who and who was removed... it reminds me of a folk song entitled: I'm My Own Grandpa, by the Bar-T Ranchers. Great song. I think the confusion would be appropriate, designing a shock factor for the only son, or so he thought. Jonathan realizes he was not the son at all. It works. (My own confusion states that I was trying to track the lineage but not necessarily how it was presented in words. It is simply the concept of the whole ordeal.)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls11\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As a writer, I have attempted to balance horror and suspense with witty conversation and a bit of humour. Were there any moments that had you laughing aloud, smiling in appreciation of a character's wit, did you find yourself groaning at the poor attempts at humour, or was the humour so subtle\'97or perhaps simply not funny\'97as to be missed entirely?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Humor, this was indeed, a place for it. Roderick took on that roll. His arrogant personality brought together a serious moment, when the zombies were pounding down the door in Lord Connor's mansion. Gasps and infuriating numbness from the police officers turned this situation into a dark comedic situation for poor Roderick who tried to illustrate the importance of how to resolve the situation. As the door burst open, gun in hand... I could just see him close his eyes from horrid anticipation, takes aim, shakes, then fires... to the head! The humor was entirely in his character. Oh, and the bare feet and candy, that was a nice touch.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls12\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As a reader, having finished the novel, you turn the page and find a preview chapter from the book's sequel. Would you read this?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Yes, I believe I would.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls13\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I am considering removing the scene in which Roderick Steen meets the Moirae at their tea house. Roderick is meant to be shown as a highly competent, highly intelligent detective, yet he is not given much opportunity, as the Moirae provide many of the answers for him. How would you feel about the deletion of this scene?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls14\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	A) Yes, please delete it at once. That scene was awful!\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls14\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
B) No, that was my favourite scene!\
\ls14\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
C) Fine, so long as it is replaced with something that works equally well or better\
\ls14\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
D) Other...?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
C. But if I may add, the Moirae, did have an intriguing intervention to the otherwise polished mind of Roderick. This allowed me to breath a bit to say, anyone with a lack of sleep and lost wits under these harrowing circumstances would simply loose their mind. I can see him still solving the case with little help but it does give him a chance to recover. Maybe, even a challenge. It would be a game of chess for him, to say the least.\
}