{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you can, please suggest one scene that could potentially be removed entirely from the novel.\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
One of the novel's themes is masks. Many of the principal characters either wear masks or assume false identities throughout the novel. Jack is Anthony Tidkins, Jonathan is Mr. O, Annabel is Miss Monday, etc. With so many aliases and a relatively large cast of characters, did you find it difficult to keep track of characters' names and identities?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If there was one character you felt was a bit underdeveloped, who was it, and why? Is there any character you wanted to know more about, regardless of how well-developed you felt they were?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who was your favourite character, and why?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Being a horror/suspense novel, it is important to know what effect the frightening or gory scenes had. With that in mind, which scene did you find most frightening or unsettling, if any? What about that scene was unsettling?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Which was the greater threat\'97the zombies, or the Resurrectionists?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The novel establishes a number of different villains, each involved in the Resurrectionist plot. Mrs. Grimmer, Jack, Dr. Allen. Who would you say was the principal antagonist, and why?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The "reveal" of Annabel's prosthetic arm is meant to be a surprise, both to the reader, and to Jonathan, although there are small hints earlier in the novel. Did her mechanical arm come as a surprise to you? Was it an effective reveal?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The novel gets a bit complicated near the end. Mrs. Grimmer is revealed to be a Resurrectionist, then convinces Jonathan that she is not, sends his allies on a wild goose chase in order to prevent them from stopping the Dead London project, and is proven to be a Resurrectionist after all. It is later revealed that Jonathan was the product of an affair and not her legitimate son, and that Jack is her son (with Dr. Allen) from an affair of her own\'97hence her allegiance to the Resurrectionists and betrayal of Jonathan. Was this explained clearly enough in the novel? Was it presented logically, and did the characters come to this conclusion in a way that was believable?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As a writer, I have attempted to balance horror and suspense with witty conversation and a bit of humour. Were there any moments that had you laughing aloud, smiling in appreciation of a character's wit, did you find yourself groaning at the poor attempts at humour, or was the humour so subtle\'97or perhaps simply not funny\'97as to be missed entirely?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As a reader, having finished the novel, you turn the page and find a preview chapter from the book's sequel. Would you read this?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I am considering removing the scene in which Roderick Steen meets the Moirae at their tea house. Roderick is meant to be shown as a highly competent, highly intelligent detective, yet he is not given much opportunity, as the Moirae provide many of the answers for him. How would you feel about the deletion of this scene?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A) Yes, please delete it at once. That scene was awful!\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
B) No, that was my favourite scene!\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
C) Fine, so long as it is replaced with something that works equally well or better\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
D) Other...?}