{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 After Mrs. Grimmer had revealed her plan, and the Vigilance Committee had agreed to it, the crew began to file out the door. As Jonathan turned to leave, he was forestalled by a hand on his shoulder.\
\'93A brief word?\'94 said Abraham Palmer.\
\'93Of course,\'94 said Jonathan, wondering what this might be about.\
\'93I\'92d like to ask you something, and I\'92d like to be direct, if I may,\'94 said Mr. Palmer, taking a seat at one of the tables and directing Jonathan to do the same. When Jonathan was settled, Palmer continued, \'93Do you trust your mother?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyes rose. Well, he couldn\'92t fault the man for being indirect.\
\'93I overheard her speaking with someone; I now believe it was you, Mr. Palmer.\'94\
\'93What did you hear?\'94\
\'93Something about Miss Monday,\'94 he said. \'93
\i What about the woman? The thief? 
\i0 I believe you must have been discussing the idea that we had both been exposed to Lazarus and survived. The Resurrectionists wanted to test the theory that we might possess some immunity to it. You wanted to give us up to them.\'94\
If Mr. Palmer was surprised to have been overheard, he didn\'92t let on.\
\'93I did, yes. But your mother was reluctant to give you up, even though it might have saved London from being wiped off the map. She wanted to use Annabel instead.\'94 He continued. \'93The first batch of the antiserum was derived from corvine birds, which possess a natural resistance to the virus. Not all animals do, you see. So crows became a subject of interest to the Resurrectionists involved in the Lazarus project. We believed, given their natural immunity, that they might allow the Resurrectionists to synthesize an antiserum.\'94\
\'93Through his research, Dr. Allen became unintentionally exposed to the virus. Lazarus works in two stages. In stage one, the virus slowly kills the host body. It is only in stage two that the body becomes a zombie. As Dr. Allen was in stage one, he became useful as a test subject for the antiserum. If we could cure that stage of the virus, we could harness immortality; the virus would act only to keep the body alive after death, but without the other negative side effects: necrosis, rot, the primal urge to eat living flesh.\
\'93The infected would not be zombies, but 
\i undead. 
\i0 The antiserum actually showed promise. It worked to a point, preventing the virus from killing him, but it was still not a cure. Dr. Allen was dying; we were only delaying the inevitable. He believed that crows would not suffice to provide a cure. The cure had to come from humans. Humans who\'92d been exposed to Lazarus and survived.\'94\
\'93Me and Miss Monday, you mean,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93As Mrs. Grimmer wished, I tried to persuade them to use only the thief, to stay away from you. When you wandered straight into their facilities, that became problematic. Your mother managed to get you out, and she left me to ensure Miss Monday\'92s rescue.\'94\
\'93I thought you were going to give her up to them?\'94\
\'93It was too late for that,\'94 said Palmer. \'93Dead London was already in motion.\'94\
\'93What do you mean?\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93There was no guarantee that Miss Monday\'92s blood would hold the cure. With so much at stake, even with her blood in hand, the Resurrectionists couldn\'92t afford to take chances. The plan was to go ahead, no matter what. When she managed to escape her cell, it became clear that she was more of a threat to their cause than she was useful as a test subject. That\'92s why I helped her escape.\'94\
Jonathan\'92s mind was whirling. So many things just didn\'92t add up. Even working from within, how could Palmer know so much? He pushed his chair back a little, watching the man cautiously. He twitched uneasily when Jonathan moved his chair.\
\'93You rescued her just to get her out of the way,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he admitted. \'93I\'92m playing both sides, you see. I needed you, and Miss Monday, and Mrs. Grimmer to continue to trust me, just long enough for the Dead London Project to begin before you would have a chance to stop it.\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyes widened.\
\'93You were drugged after all.\'94\
\'93No, Mr. Grimmer. Simply loyal to the Resurrectionist cause.\'94\
\'93Our plan will work. We\'92ll stop you,\'94 Jonathan sneered.\
\'93No,\'94 Palmer replied, cold and certain.\
With that, the man drew a tranquilizer gun from his jacket, and fired it into Jonathan\'92s neck. The dart\'92s effects were quick. Jonathan felt suddenly drowsy. His knees collapsed. He hit the ground hard, for the second time that day.\
He heard the chiming of bells. They sounded distant. Abraham Palmer\'92s voice, muffled and indistinct.\
\'93Jonathan will catch up with us,\'94 he said. \'93We are to begin without him.\'94\
\'93Asshole,\'94 Jonathan groaned as his eyelids grew as heavy as lead weights.}