{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Removed:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 Although she was being serious, her tone was light, as if she was half-joking. It didn\'92t suit her, Jonathan thought. He frowned. \'93We might have had more time, if you\'92d thought to be honest with me from the beginning,\'94 he said. \'93Or, for that matter, if you hadn\'92t shot me and Miss Monday with tranquilizers.\'94\
\'93You\'92re upset with me,\'94 she said, adopting his serious tone. \'93I can\'92t say I blame you. I did keep the truth from you, you\'92re right. But I did so to protect you.\'94\
\'93Is that what you call it, protecting me?\'94 Jonathan said, exasperated. \'93Well, a fat lot of good it\'92s done, this protection of yours.\'94\
\'93You\'92re alive, aren\'92t you?\'94 she said, quite seriously.\
\'93Yes, but no thanks to you,\'94 he replied.\
She looked wounded.\
He took a deep breath, forced himself to be calm. His relationship with his mother had always been like this. But he could see, from her perspective, how she might have thought she\'92d been protecting him by keeping the truth from him. Still, he wouldn\'92t put it past her to be aligned with the Resurrectionists and even now to be manipulating him. Just because she was his mother didn\'92t mean he could trust her. He decided to be direct.}