{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Ladies and gentlemen, when meeting on the sidewalk, should always pass to the right. Should the sidewalk be narrow or dangerous, gentlemen will see that ladies are protected from injury.\
In the evening, or whenever safety may require, a gentleman should give a lady his arm. It is not customary in other cases to do so on the street, unless with an elderly lady, or the couple be husband and wife.\
A gentleman may take two ladies upon his arms, but under no circumstances should the lady take the arms of two gentlemen.\
A gentleman will assist a lady over from an omnibus or carriage, without waiting for the formality of an introduction. When the service is thus performed, he will raise his hat, bow, and pass on.\
No gentleman will smoke when walking with, or standing in the presence of, a lady standing in the street. He should remove the cigar from her presence entirely, even though permission may be granted to continue the smoking.\
A gentleman should not bow from a window to a lady on the street, though he may bow slightly from the street upon being recognized by a lady in a window. Such recognition should, however, generally be avoided, as gossip is likely to attach undue importance to it when seen by others.\
No gentleman should stand on the street corners, steps of hotels, or other public places and make remarks about ladies passing by.\
A lady should have the escort of a gentleman in the evening. Gossip and scandal are best avoided, however, if she has someone from her home call for her at an appointed hour.\
Ladies should avoid walking rapidly upon the street, as it is ungraceful and unbecoming. Running across the street in front of carriages is dangerous, and shows want of dignity.\
Staring at people, spitting, looking back after they pass, saluting people across the street, calling out loudly, or laughing at people as they go by are all evidences of ill-breeding.\
When crossing the pavement, the lady should raise her dress with the right hand, a little above the ankle. To raise the dress with both hands is vulgar, and can be excused only when the mud is very deep.\
Allowing a dress to trail on the street is in exceedingly bad taste. Such a street costume simply calls forth criticism and contempt from the more sensible people.\
A true lady will go quietly and unobtrusively about her business when on the street, never seeking to attract the attention of the opposite sex, at the same time recognizing acquaintances with a courteous bow, and friends with pleasant words of greeting.\
Swinging the arms when walking, eating upon the street, sucking the parasol handles, pushing violently through a crowd, talking and laughing very loudly and boisterously on the streets, and whispering in public conveyances are all evidences of ill-breeding in ladies.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 General Rule of Etiquette
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Never attempt to convey the impression that you are a genius by imitating the faults of distinguished men. Because certain great men were poor penmen, wore long hair, or had other peculiarities, it does not follow that you will be great by imitating their eccentricities.}