{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 When all the birds were airborne, a hazy, greenish gas began to trail behind the crows. The gas seemed to dissipate as it fell, but then the men and women and children nearest to it collapsed in a fit of coughing. Those that bent to help their loved ones, if they themselves had managed to avoid breathing the noxious green gas, found their throats ripped open, their loved ones\'92 teeth upon their necks and their faces.\
Hence the screaming.\
\'93We\'92re too late!\'94 shouted Edward Steen, who was nonetheless fighting his way through the crowd towards the Resurrectionist. As they watched, they witnessed a zombie in a top hat lunge toward him. He disappeared from view.\
\'93Oh, good god!\'94 Mrs. Hatton exclaimed, fanning herself with a delicate paper fan. She was not the sort of woman who would faint at the slightest provocation, but these were trying circumstances.\
\'93We\'92ve got to help them,\'94 said Henry Charles, removing his overcoat and top hat.\
\'93Are you going to 
\i shift
\i0 ?\'94 she asked.\
\'93Best that I do,\'94 he replied, quickly unbuttoning his shirt as well, right there on the steps of the National Gallery.\
\'93I could try to\'97\'94 she began.\
\'93It\'92s too risky,\'94 he told her, knowing perfectly well what she was offering to do.\
There was no way to be certain that Dr. Allen\'92s experiments all those years ago had gone as planned. Whether their respective 
\i abilities
\i0  were the predicted results of the experiments, or whether they were unintended, unanticipated side effects. Either way, Henry Charles\'92 ability was a bit more subtle than Mrs. Hatton\'92s, though it was painful to accomplish and a bit gruesome to behold. He stripped out of his shirt, and even his trousers, standing utterly naked in the midst of London. His body, muscled and dark, was striped with pink scars like those that marred his face.\
Nobody was paying him any mind, as the zombies started to tear into the living and the Resurrectionist stood calmly in the centre of it all, still setting the rest of his clockwork crows into motion.\
With a deep breath and the deliberate cracking of his knuckles, Henry Charles Ocelot began the 
\i shift
\i0 . His limbs twisted and realigned, his sinews tore apart and twisted back together again. The awful sound of breaking bones and rending skin made Mrs. Hatton turn away and flutter her fan more aggressively. A lesser woman might have fainted had she been witness to Mr. Ocelot\'92s 
\i shifting
\i0 . But Mrs. Hatton simply looked away and pretended that nothing untoward was happening.\
Henry Charles screamed all the while, but the process was quick, and his screams gave way to growls. Almost as quickly as it had started, it was over. Not wasting any time, he leapt into motion, lithe and predatory in this form.\
He ducked amongst the swarming, ravaging dead as they outstretched their limbs in search of anything that still breathed. He leapt over dormant corpses and bounded past a screaming lady whose own pretty daughter was biting into her flesh, and made for the Resurrectionist.\
Finally, the Resurrectionist paused in his work, setting the next of his brass crows aside in order to look at Henry Charles. He stepped back warily, putting his hands out as if to ward him off. Silently, crouching low, Henry Charles crept forward on the pads of his feet, readying himself to pounce. Suddenly, the man turned as if to run, but Henry Charles was faster. Much faster.\
He leapt, going straight for the Resurrectionist\'92s throat. He tore into him with sharp teeth. A spray of warm blood gushed from the man\'92s neck, and he fell to the ground, Henry Charles on top of him.\
The zombie turned, the scent of freshly spilled blood drawing their attention. But Henry Charles put one massive paw upon the Resurrectionist\'92s dying body, protectively. He growled territorially, until the dead men turned away, most likely in search of easier prey. Henry Charles licked his lips, then turning one brown eye and one red one towards his meal, he started to eat.\
It was Marianne Hatton\'92s voice that brought him back. Without that familiar and gentle sound, he might have just carried on eating. Instead, he got to his feet, discarded the rest of his meal. This, at least, was one cadaver that would not revive; the plague mask would have filtered out the poisoned air.\
He dared not linger long in the Square. Who knew how little of the gas it took to turn one into a zombie? But as he turned away from his half-eaten meal, he tried to see if he could find Edward Steen.\
\'93Henry!\'94 Mrs. Hatton called. \'93We\'92ve got to get out of here.\'94\
It was true. Not only was the tainted air a concern, but there were no more living people remaining for all that he could see, and the zombies were starting to take swipes at him. He was quick, and a ferocious growl was usually enough to deter them, but still. It wasn\'92t wise to linger here.\
Just as he was turning away though, he spotted Edward Steen. He paused, just long enough to get a glimpse of his face, and more importantly, his eyes.\
Dead. Edward Steen\'92s eyes were dead. Dead, but focused on Henry Charles. He moaned hungrily, stumbling through the gore-spattered Square. One of his arms had been severed, gnawed off by human teeth. A painful way to die, Henry Charles imagined.\
He whimpered sympathetically, then turned away. With incredible agility, he made his way back to the steps of the National Gallery, where Marianne Hatton was making a stand against the zombies.\
Her face was set in concentration and beaded with sweat, and a dozen charred bodies lay smouldering upon the staircase. Smoke and ash and the smell of burning meat filled the air as the bodies burned away. The very air was hot, and the wretches closest to Mrs. Hatton were beginning to smoke. If they got any closer to her, Henry knew they\'92d be set ablaze.\
The real danger with Mrs. Hatton\'92s pyrokinesis was that she herself was not immune to the flame. As with Henry Charles\'92 
\i shift
\i0 , when Mrs. Hatton used her ability, she risked becoming consumed by it. She was not herself. She was the fire. A flame that wanted to burn brighter and hotter and to consume. If she wasn\'92t careful\'85\
\'93Marianne,\'94 he said, after 
\i shifting 
\i0 painfully back. She looked at him, but it was like she was looking through him. Her eyes burned bright, all yellow and orange and red. \'93Marianne, you\'92ve got to stop this. Stop this, now, before you kill yourself!\'94}