{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel turned to Abraham.\
\'93Did you know?\'94 she demanded.\
\'93Know what?\'94\
She holstered her pistol, but kept a firm grip on the scientist and kept the other boffins in her sight. Threat lingered in her eyes, and they kept their wary distance. These were doctors, not soldiers. Even if they were brainwashed, they seemed likely not to intervene so long as she retained the upper hand.\
\'93That we would be too late,\'94 she said to Abraham. \'93I knew
\i  
\i0 not to trust that wretched woman.\'94\
\'93Mrs. Grimmer?\'94\
\'93She knew, didn\'92t she?\'94 Annabel insisted. \'93She sent Steen, Hatton, and Oceleot to Trafalgar Square; Merrick, Ashcroft, and Lockwood to Hyde Park; and she went to Borough Market. Each of the sites where the Lazarus Virus was to be spread. But it was a wild goose chase, because she sent them there too late. And as for us, she led the pair of us straight into the den of snakes. She\'92s been with them all along, Mr. Palmer.\'94\
Abraham shook his head.\
\'93Nah,\'94 he said. \'93Mrs. Grimmer\'92s still on your side.\'94\
\'93You mean 
\i our
\i0  side?\'94\
Again, Abraham shook his head.\
\'93Your side.\'94\
He took a step back. Annabel reached for her gun, but it was missing from her holster. She looked down and found the gun, in Mr. Palmer\'92s hand.\
\'93But you\'92re not brainwashed,\'94 she said, dumbfounded. \'93Why would you\'85?\'94\
\'93How do you know? Because my brain\'92s not scrambled like his? Memory loss isn\'92t even a side effect. Look, notice these red marks on his skin? Physical evidence is the 
\i only
\i0  clear sign that someone\'92s under the influence of the serum.\'94\
Annabel shook her head in disbelief. She'd made the stupid assumption of thinking that Simms' scrambled brain was a result of being brainwashed. And she'd trusted Grimmer because he didn't have that symptom, so she'd assumed he wasn't brainwashed. Stupid of her to make assumptions.\
\'93So, 
\i are 
\i0 you?\'94 she said.\
He shrugged.\
\'93I may be compromised, but not by any serum. I\'92m in it for the money and the immortality.\'94\
\'93You\'92re incorrigible,\'94 she said. \'93You saved my life, helped me get out of this place. You shot at your fellow Resurrectionists. You took a bullet for me!\'94\
\'93Yes, well, 
\i that
\i0  wasn\'92t the plan,\'94 he admitted. \'93And I only saved you so I could get you out of the way. Turns out it worked quite nicely, if I may say so myself. Now that old Lazarus has been spread, there ain\'92t much use in pretending any more, is there?\'94\
\'93So what happens now? Are you going to kill me?\'94\
\'93Guess we\'92ll see what Mr. Tidkins wants to do with you. Maybe we\'92ll ship you off to Chateau D\'92If.\'94\
He gestured with the gun, directing her to the hallway. He closed the door behind him, keeping his gun trained on her all the while. But even with the gun pointed at her, this might be her best chance to regain control of the situation.\
She stepped towards him, sidestepping to anticipate his gunshot. As predicted, the gun went off, only narrowly missing her. She struck at his gun arm, and the weapon flew from his hand. She watched as it slid along the floor, well out of reach, and slammed her knee into Mr. Palmer\'92s gut. He doubled over, but she wasn\'92t finished with him yet. She followed up with an uppercut to his jaw, knocking a tooth loose.\
He spat blood onto the floor and retaliated with a right hook, catching her off guard. He struck her cheek, and she staggered back. Even as she was struggling to regain her balance, he hit her again, this time square in the eye. He hit her again, each blow more brutal than the last. She fell to the floor.\
She watched as he turned away from her, slowly, confidently making his way to the gun. She crawled to her feet.\
\'93I\'92m not finished with you yet,\'94 she told him.\
He paused, turned around, and scoffed at her. Her lip was bloody, her eye was swollen. She looked like she could barely stand upright. He turned away, again going for the gun.\
She attacked while his back was turned, kicking him in the soft spot behind the knee. He hit the ground hard with one knee, and Annabel kicked him again, this time in the back. He fell flat on his face. She grabbed the gun, relieved to feel it in her hand.\
She stood up, aimed the gun at the back of Abraham\'92s skull, and cocked the pistol. But before she could pull the trigger, she heard a voice from behind her, muffled by a Resurrectionist\'92s mask but still recognisable. She kept her foot on Abraham\'92s back to keep him pinned to the floor, and looked over her shoulder. How he\'92d crept up on her so silently, she hadn\'92t the slightest idea, but she recognised him immediately. Her recognition did little to calm her.\
His mask still strapped to his head, but pulled up to sit upon his forehead instead of his face, 
\i he
\i0  stood before her. Anthony Tidkins. The Resurrection Man. Scientist, leader of a the Murder Club. To the city of London, he was a scourge. To Annabel, he was just Jack.\
\'93Is it really too late?\'94 she asked him.\
\'93For London, or for us?\'94\
He had taken off the mask, which he now held in one hand.\
\'93For London,\'94 she replied. Careful not to let her emotion show, she looked him in the eye and with careful inflection, she told him, \'93It is most definitely too late for us.\'94\
He nodded.\
\'93Fair enough.\'94\
Perhaps she was mistaken, but she thought she detected a hint of regret in his pale red eyes, a note of sadness in his voice. Damn him, what did she care about his sadness, mass murderer that he was? She felt sick to think of what he had done.\
\'93It is too late for London as well,\'94 he added.\
Her stomach clenched. She couldn\'92t understand why he\'92d done it. Jack had always had such endearing respect for life. Every life, precious, every single one. Even hers. That\'92s why he\'92d saved her all those years ago. Now he had destroyed a city of millions.\
\'93Why, Jack?\'94 she asked him.\
\'93Because my father is dying,\'94 he said simply.\
It took her only a moment.\
\'93Dr. Allen is your father?\'94\
\'93I was his bastard son,\'94 he explained. \'93He and my mother gave me up for adoption. My adoptive parents were unable to have children of their own. When my mother died, my father came to resent me, as if it was somehow my fault. He sent me to live with Dr. Allen. He said it was because Dr. Allen was a renowned surgeon, and he wanted me to be trained by him, but we both knew that was a lie. I believed it was because he didn\'92t want me any more. It was only later, much later, that I learned the real reason I\'92d been sent to Dr. Allen. Yes, he is my real father.\'94\
\'93And you think this will save him?\'94 Annabel asked.\
She returned her attention to Mr. Palmer, who was trying to get up. She kicked him in the back, and he grunted in pain. She looked again at Jack.\
Her hand was trembling, her vision unclear. She steeled herself. Before she could put further thought into it, she raised the pistol. Point blank, she aimed its muzzle at her oldest friend and put her finger on the trigger.}