{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick slammed into the door again, but still it held. His shoulder ached with his efforts, but the wood was beginning to splinter. Another few kicks and it might swing open, but there was no time. The undead men were at arm\'92s length. He raised his fists. They were all he had to defend himself with.\
A gunshot rang out in the small space of the alleyway. Roderick ducked and covered his head as another shot was fired. One of the undead staggered and fell. Out of the corner of his eye, Roderick could see a policeman firing in his direction. If he missed, he\'92d hit Roderick. He wondered if the man could even see him, in the dark.\
\'93Careful!\'94 he called.\
Bailey barked in agreement.\
Apparently ignoring his instruction, the policeman fired another shot. His aim was good, however, and the second undead man hit the ground. Shakily, Roderick got to his feet.\
\'93It\'92s alright, Bailey,\'94 he said, though the dog was hardly the one in hysterics.\
He raised his hands as he approached the policeman.\
\'93Sir, I am relieved to find you here.\'94\
\'93Are you hurt?\'94 asked the officer, stepping further into the alley. As he got closer, his face became distinct.\
\'93Taggert!\'94 Roderick exclaimed.\
\'93Steen? What are you doing here?\'94\
\'93Just taking an early morning stroll, sir,\'94 he said, dusting off his clothes. \'93And you?\'94\
\'93Trying to round up the dead. Or the infected. Whatever they are. This infection, it spread fast. We\'92d been tracking down the ones that got away from Lord Connor\'92s, but each time we found one of them, there\'92d be a trail of blood and several more of them. Who knows how many of these things there are by now? We could have ourselves an epidemic.\'94\
Roderick merely raised an eyebrow.\
\'93So you haven\'92t gotten any sleep either?\'94\
\'93There\'92s something else you need to see, too. Just got the telegram, so I haven\'92t been there yet, myself, but I wanted to catch these last two.\'94\
\'93These are the last two?\'94 Roderick asked.\
\'93Let\'92s hope so,\'94 Taggert replied. \'93I doubt it. Anyway, there\'92s been another murder. Looks like Dr. Allen. You up for it, Steen? You seem shaken.\'94\
Roderick stifled a yawn, and tried not to look at the dead bodies lying in the alley.\
\'93I\'92m fine,\'94 he said. \'93Mind if I bring Bailey?\'94\
Taggert shrugged.\
\'93Did you hear that, Old Bailey? We\'92re going to another murder site! Isn\'92t this exciting?\'94\
The dog yipped in appreciation, and Roderick gestured for the chief inspector to lead the way. They left the bodies in the alley. Taggert would probably have someone double back to pick up the cadavers, but there was little time to worry about them now.\
They climbed into a carriage, and Taggert gave the driver an address. Bailey scampered onto Roderick\'92s lap, and Roderick shut the door. With a crack of the driver\'92s whip, they were on their way.\
As they drove, Taggert handed Roderick a scrap of paper, which Roderick unfolded.\
\'93Your list,\'94 Taggert explained. \'93Everyone that attended Connor\'92s ball.\'94\
Roderick stared at Taggert, scrutinized his face as if for some sign that something was wrong.\
\'93You\'92re unusually efficient,\'94 he pronounced. \'93What about my interview with the witness? Miss Karnstein?\'94\
\'93There, I must disappoint you, Mr. Steen. We\'92ve been unable to locate Miss Karnstein. I\'92m sure we\'92ll manage to find her in due time, but we\'92ve been a bit preoccupied, I must admit.\'94\
\'93There, that\'92s more like you,\'94 Roderick replied. \'93I\'92d hate for you to become entirely competent, or you\'92d have little need of me. By the way, I\'92ve been doing some thinking\'85\'94\
\'93And?\'94\
Roderick had broken off. He was staring at the list of names Taggert had provided. His eyes brightened. He began to bob in his seat, failing to contain his excitment.\
\'93This is brilliant,\'94 he said, showing Taggert the list of names, gesturing meaningfully with the sheet of paper. \'93Have you read this?\'94\
There had been hundreds of guests at the party, some nine hundred names. But at least some of the names were significant, at least by Roderick\'92s estimation. He pointed at each one, reading the names aloud.\
\'93Lord Ruthven. Lord Wagner. Sweeney Todd. Jack Harkaway. Richard Turpin.\'94\
\'93Those can\'92t possibly be real names,\'94 Taggert said, frowning.\
\'93Indeed. Perhaps you\'92ve read some of the stories in which they\'92ve appeared. Figures from penny dreadfuls, Mr. Taggert. I believe you know what that means.\'94\
\'93Resurrectionists.\'94\
Roderick looked out the window, but it was still too dark to see much. Dawn was fast approaching, but a thick fog still clung to the city, and the dark still had not dissipated.\
\'93Anthony Tidkins,\'94 Roderick muttered, after returning his attention once more to the list of guests.\
Tidkins was a figure in 
\i The Mysteries of London
\i0 , a long-running penny dreadful. The significance of the name was not lost on Roderick. A member of the Resurrectionists named after Anthony Tidkins had to be someone of importance. After all, Anthony Tidkins was known as the Resurrection Man.\
\'93Interestingly, Dr. Allen\'92s name does not appear on this list,\'94 said Roderick.\
\'93Doesn\'92t mean he wasn\'92t there,\'94 Taggert replied.\
Roderick gave him a reluctant nod.\
\'93True. But I think we both already know that Dr. Allen had nothing to do with Lord Connor\'92s death, except as a scapegoat.\'94\
\'93If that\'92s true, why the coverup? Why make Connor\'92s death look like the work of Dr. Allen? Why bother? They didn\'92t cover up any of the other deaths.\'94\
\'93For once, you\'92re asking the right questions. My influence must be rubbing off on you. Anyway, I\'92ve been giving that some thought,\'94 Roderick told him. \'93But there are still too many questions, and not enough answers.\'94\
The carriage rolled to a stop.\
\'93Perhaps we\'92ll get some more of those answers now,\'94 said Taggert, looking out the window. \'93We\'92re here.\'94\
The sun was finally beginning to set, as Roderick stepped out onto the pavement outside a narrow street in Holborn. Taggert directed him to an unimpressive brick building that looked in desperate need of maintenance. Roderick had to step around the body of a drunk who\'92d passed out on the pavement, trousers soaked in his own urine.\
\'93Lovely place you\'92ve brought me to, Mr. Taggert,\'94 he said, picking Bailey up off the ground, wrinkling his nose.\
\'93Welcome to the Melbourne Club,\'94 said Inspector Taggert, opening the door of the club. It was unlocked.\
Roderick set about opening the curtains to let some light in, keeping a cautious eye on Bertrand Melbourne, whose body occupied the center of the clubroom.\
\'93What sort of club is this?\'94 he asked, taking in the Melbourne\'92s distasteful sense of decor, the grimy windows, the dirt-stained carpets. He decided to leave his shoes on. \'93What sort of club men would this kind of place attract?\'94\
\'93The sort that couldn\'92t afford a membership somewhere else, I imagine.\'94\
\'93Right you are,\'94 said Roderick. \'93Now, let\'92s take a look at the body, shall we? Be a dear and make sure he\'92s actually dead, will you?\'94}