{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93He\'92s dead alright.\'94\
Roderick had to agree with the Chief Inspector\'92s assessment. There was no way, even if he had been infected with the same disease that had plagued Lord Connor, that the man was still alive.\
His jaw had been sliced off with a surgeon\'92s knife, his eyes scooped out, his arms and stomach cut into. There would have been a staggering amount of blood, though the place had been cleaned up since then. It was still a mess, but that wasn\'92t owing to the gruesome murder that had taken place here.\
Roderick took in the feats of engineering the murderer had implanted in the cadaver. The body had been expertly painted with varnish, to stop him from rotting, vivisected and stitched back together again. Rivets, glass, and brass were affixed to his hollow chest. Inside, he was filled with machinery. His face had also been mutilated and dressed up to look like an absurd puppet.\
\'93Any idea who we\'92re looking at?\'94\
\'93Could be Melbourne,\'94 Taggert replied. \'93It\'92s his club, after all. Then again, might just be a club member, or the butler. Who knows? Won\'92t be easy to identify him in this state. What do you make of it?\'94\
\'93Do you have any candy? I think better when I have candy.\'94\
Taggert fished into his pockets, but came up empty. He shrugged.\
\'93I don\'92t know,\'94 Roderick snapped. \'93You can tell me I\'92m crazy, if that\'92s what you think, but I am still not sure Dr. Allen had anything to do with this.\'94\
He started probing the victim, rotating the cogs and gears, gently prodding the anatomized flesh, sniffing the resin that covered him.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://09098BBD-7242-452F-AEEF-3CA85951BDB1"}}{\fldrslt \'93No message,\'94 he said. \'93Someone\'92s already been here. Who reported this?\'94\
\'93One of the club men.\'94\
\'93And he didn\'92t mention any message?\'94 Roderick asked, unusually impatient.\
\'93No message.\'94}}\
Roderick ground his teeth in frustration.\
\'93Perhaps we can get someone to take him apart. There\'92s got to be a wax scroll hidden inside him somewhere. If we can find that, perhaps the message can be played on another phonograph.\'94\
\'93We\'92ve tried that before, Roderick. Remember? It\'92s designed to destroy the scroll after it\'92s been played once.\'94\
\'93Yes, but\'85\'94 Roderick persisted, as if by sheer force of will he could get the message to play. \'93Perhaps this time will be different. It might not even be Dr. Allen\'92s work.\'94\
Taggert fingered the ends of his moustache, teasing them up. His fingers came away waxy.\
\'93Last time, it was the messages that led me to identify Dr. Allen.\'94\
\'93Right. And we still never caught him.\'94\
Roderick scooped up Bailey, who\'92d been sniffing curiously around the room. The dog panted happily in his master\'92s arms, tongue sticking out one side of his mouth.\
\'93No witnesses. No message. And without any clothing, or even a 
\i face
\i0 , there\'92s no way to identify our John Doe. We have the message, we basically have nothing,\'94 he said.\
Taggert raised his eyebrows. This wasn\'92t like Roderick. Normally, visiting the site of a murder made him manic, gave him a boundless, contagious energy. He could step into a room and glean ten different things about his murderer just from the smell of the air.\
Roderick paused at the door.\
\'93This place is a den of filth. No respectable gentleman would be caught dead here. And yet, it is in a relatively fashionable neighbourhood, the bar is well-stocked, and the furniture tasteless but expensive. We can assume, therefore, that illegal gambling or some other form of criminal activity takes place here. The selling of drugs, perhaps? So, the members are criminals. Let us review the facts. Lord Connor was killed by a Resurrectionist\'97perhaps Dr. Allen, perhaps not. He was also robbed. His safe was cracked. Most likely, this was done by a professional thief. Earlier, I posited the theory that Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist and that he\'92d been killed for refusing to hand over whatever was in his safe. We can thus deduce that the robber was hired by the Resurrectionists. We also know that the Resurrectionists like to tie up their loose ends. We can safely assume that John Doe was one such loose end. Perhaps we\'92ve found the man that facilitated the hiring of our professional thief.\'94\
He let out a weary sigh and patted Bailey\'92s head.\
\'93Beyond that, we\'92ve still got nothing. I\'92m going back to Connor\'92s. Perhaps there\'92s something there that I missed. I suggest you do whatever you can to recover the wax scroll, just in case. And I still need to speak with Miss Karnstein and Mr. Sinews.\'94}