{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick set about opening the curtains to let some light in, keeping a cautious eye on Bertrand Melbourne, whose body occupied the center of the clubroom.\
\'93What sort of club is this?\'94 he asked, taking in the Melbourne\'92s distasteful sense of decor, the grimy windows, the dirt-stained carpets. \'93What sort of club men would this kind of place attract?\'94\
\'93The sort that couldn\'92t afford a membership somewhere else, I imagine.\'94\
\'93Right you are,\'94 said Roderick. \'93Now, let\'92s take a look at the body, shall we? Be a dear and make sure he\'92s actually dead, will you?\'94\
***\
He turned around, at the sound of her voice. She stepped back in a panic, drawing her pistol. When her heart settled, she turned to the nearest table, reached for the oil lamp, and adjusted the dial until the lamp brightened.\
Melbourne was naked, but this was not what had unsettled Annabel. He\'92d been disemboweled. With surgical precision, his gut had been cut open. Around the opening, a porthole had been attached, like a window into the man\'92s insides. Hollowed like a jack o\'92 lantern, Melbourne\'92s insides had been stuffed with clockwork parts, which ticked behind a pane of glass.\
No stranger to the fusion of flesh and machinery, Annabel\'92s eyes were not drawn to Melbourne\'92s clockwork stomach, but to his face. The blood had dried, but that made it no less gruesome. His eyes had been plucked out. The sockets were stuffed with black marbles. Black feathers had been stuck to his skin with a sticky resin. His nose and mouth were hidden beneath a beak made of brass. Gears were affixed to the joints of the beak.\
She thought of Mr. O\'92s description of the lunatic boffins. She recalled the articles in the newspapers, and knew whose work this was. Dr. Allen. Annabel wasn\'92t squeamish. Of course, she felt a healthy amount of nausea at the sight of Melbourne\'92s disfigurement, but that didn\'92t mean she wasn\'92t curious.\
Unlike Connor, Melbourne was definitely dead. He couldn\'92t harm her. His legs were affixed to the floor, pinned in place by metal stakes, meant to keep him upright after death. But Annabel knew more about the Resurrectionists than she\'92d let on. She also knew that if this really was the their work, there would be a message.\
She reached up, put her hands on the gears of Melbourne\'92s beak. It wouldn\'92t turn. Her brow creased. There was a keyhole, she saw upon a closer look. I wonder, she thought, drawing the brass key she wore around her neck.\
She was unsurprised to discover that the key fit. The gear rotated, and Melbourne\'92s beak opened. A recording began to play. It started with the sound of a crow, cawing incessantly. This was the first time Annabel had been witness to the marvel of auditory recording technology. There must have been a tiny phonograph, hidden somewhere within the brass mouth.}