{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\f0\fs36 \cf0 It\'92s London. The year is 1887. And the dead are beginning to rise.
\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 When Jonathan Grimmer uncovers evidence that Lord Henry Connor may be a member of the Resurrectionists, a secret society whose scientific pursuits defy ethics, laws, and the natural order of the universe, he finds himself dragged into a world of subterfuge, conspiracy, and well, zombies. His only allies are criminals and reprobates. Take Annabel Grey for example. Thief, assassin, and part machine. Or there\'92s Parson Sinews, criminal by association, vampire by reputation, and an aficionado on the subject of murder.\
\
Meanwhile, his only weapon in the battle against the Resurrectionists and the plague of walking corpses is the airship Penny Dreadful. At the centre of it all is the mysterious Dr. Allen, whose gruesome series of murders once brought the Resurrectionists into the spotlight before he faded into obscurity.  Only recently, he\'92s started killing again.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400
\cf0 Dead London is a full length novel, a steampunk zombie-infested adventure at 85,000 words. Better still, it's already fully written. But I do still need your help to self-publish this book. All money raised for this project will be put towards professional editing and formatting services.\
The incredible cover art for the book was created by ________. See his other work at website.\
I am working with ______ Editing (website). _____ has been a pleasure to work with\'85\
For the paperback copies of the book, I am working with ______\'85 (Check their site at website{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thirdplacebooks.com/"}}{\fldrslt )}}\
Again, this book is fully written, and I\'92ve made arrangements for professional editing and printing. This is a character-driven story of steam-powered adventure, which I\'92m excited to share with all of you.\
Here\'92s what the beta readers have been saying:\
\'93\'94\
But don\'92t just take their word for it! I\'92ve also made the first three chapters available to read for free (insert link)! You can also get the fourth chapter for free with a tweet (insert link) or by signing up for my mailing list (insert link).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\b \cf0 Stretch Goal #1\'97$3000
\b0 \
I only need $2000 to finish this work in a professional manner. However, if I reach $3000, I\'92ll also include the short story collection The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street. The collection will be sent to ALL BACKERS in the digital format of your choice. All backers who funded $15 or more will receive a special edition digital copy, including two additional short stories, upon completion. \

\b Stretch Goal #2\'97$8000
\b0 \
If I reach $8000, I\'92ll not only include the short story collection 
\i The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street 
\i0 in the digital format of your choice, I\'92ll also do a print special edition print version of the book. All backers who funded $15 or more will have the option to increase their pledge by an additional $20 in order to receive a physical copy of The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street, upon completion.\

\b Stretch Goal #3\'97$15,000
\b0 \
Tentatively entitled Dead London: Lazaretto, the sequel to Dead London is currently a work in progress, half finished at 50,000 words. If I reach this stretch goal, all backers who funded $10.00 or more will receive an advanced digital copy of the sequel upon completion. Also, all backers who funded $25.00 or more may choose to upgrade their pledge by an additional $20, in order to receive a physical copy of the second novel as well, upon completion.\

\b Stretch Goal #4\'97$25,000
\b0 \
Hardcover! Upon reaching my stretch goal of $25,000, I will order up a set of hardcover copies of both Dead London and the sequel. All backers who funded $25.00 or more will have the option to upgrade to hardcover by increasing their pledge by just $10 for just Dead London or $20 for both Dead London and the sequel.}