{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green26\blue6;\red245\green249\blue249;\red255\green255\blue189;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 		$1 reward \uc0\u8232 
\b0 Abraham Palmer: Receive the thanks of the author and a digital wallpaper of the incredible cover art. I will also notify you when the ebook and print versions become available for sale, and I\'92ll also give you a shout out on twitter.\uc0\u8232 \
		
\b $5 reward \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cb4 Limited (50 available) 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 \
		EARLY Roderick Steen: Receive a special edition of Dead London in the ebook format of your choice, as well as the thanks of the author, a digital wallpaper of the incredible cover art, and a shout out on twitter. Note: this is the same reward as the below tier, but at a reduced price for early backers.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\b $10 reward \uc0\u8232 
\b0 Roderick Steen: Receive a special edition of Dead London in the ebook format of your choice, as well as the thanks of the author, a digital wallpaper of the incredible cover art, and a shout out on twitter.\uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs28 		$15 reward \uc0\u8232 
\b0 Dr. Allen: Receive a digital copy of The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street, a collection of short stories set in the world of Dead London. Also receive all rewards above.
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs28 		$25 reward \
		
\fs24 \cb4 Limited (25 available) \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs28 \cb3 		EARLY Zombie Hunter: Receive a special edition, signed trade paperback copy of Dead London. Also receive a print of the art of Dead London, only for early backers! Also receive all rewards above. (Supporters outside the US and Canada, please add $10 for shipping costs). Note: this is the same reward as the below tier, BUT early backers also receive the art print and will have their book signed by the author.\
		
\b $25 reward \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 	
\b0 	Zombie Hunter: Receive a special edition trade paperback copy of Dead London. Also receive all rewards from the $15 tier. (Supporters outside the US and Canada, please add $10 for shipping costs)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf2 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200
\ls3\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf2 		$50 reward \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cb4 Limited (6 available) \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 		Finding Dead London: Receive all rewards from the $25 EARLY tier. In addition, receive a limited edition gift, a printed copy of Finding Dead London, a photo companion to Dead London. This is a glimpse at my collection of photos taken while conducting research in London and Paris for the novel. This will only be available for a limited time and for a limited number of early backers. (International supporters please add $10 for shipping)\uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \
		
\b\fs28 $70 reward \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cb4 Limited (10 available) \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 		Drink Tea, Kill Zombies: Receive all rewards from the $25 EARLY tier. In addition, receive a special reward, the \'93Drink tea, kill zombies\'94 teapot. (International supporters, please add $15 for shipping)
\fs32 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200
\ls5\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf2 		$125 reward \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cb4 Limited (5 available) 
\b0\fs28 \cb3 \
		Resurrectionist: Receive all rewards from the $25 EARLY tier. In addition, show up in the sequel. This is your chance to work with the author to create a character\'97either based on yourself, a friend, or an original character\'97who will appear in the sequel. Within reason. The character will have a speaking role and will appear in at least one scene. Also receive a special reward, the \'93Drink tea, kill zombies\'94 teapot. (Shipping costs included)\uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\b\fs28 		$250 reward \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cb4 Limited (3 available) 
\b0\fs32 \cb3 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Anthony Tidkins: Receive all rewards from the $25 EARLY tier (Receive a special edition trade paperback copy of Dead London, a digital copy of The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street, and Dead London, in the formats of your choice, plus the digital wallpaper of the incredible cover art). Also work with the author to create a character, who will appear in a prominent role in a new short story that I will write. The story will be included in a special edition of The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street, which you will receive in the digital format of your choice before anyone else. You\'92ll also receive a copy of Finding Dead London, the photo companion to Dead London. This is a glimpse at my collection of photos taken while conducting research in London and Paris for the novel. This will only be available for a limited time and for a limited number of early backers. Finally, you\'92ll receive a special reward, the \'93Drink tea, kill zombies\'94 teapot. (Shipping costs included)\
		\
		
\b $500 reward \uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cb4 Limited (1 available) 
\b0\fs32 \cb3 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Aspiring Author: Receive all rewards from the $25 EARLY tier (Receive a special edition trade paperback copy of Dead London, a digital copy of The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street, and Dead London, in the formats of your choice, plus the digital wallpaper of the incredible cover art). Also work with the author to write your own short story set in Dead London. The author will take the time to edit, proofread, and offer constructive criticism on the story, which will be included in a special edition of The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street, along with a blurb about you and your work. You will receive a digital copy of The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street in the format of your choice before anyone else. You will also receive a printed copy of the special edition of The Horrors of Allen\'92s Street. You\'92ll also receive a copy of Finding Dead London, the photo companion to Dead London. This is a glimpse at my collection of photos taken while conducting research in London and Paris for the novel. This will only be available for a limited time and for a limited number of early backers. Finally, you\'92ll receive a special reward, the \'93Drink tea, kill zombies\'94 teapot. (Shipping costs included)\uc0\u8232 }