{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The entertainment you intend giving is larger than a dinner party. To it you will invite a greater number of your friends and associates, so great a number, indeed, of young and middle-aged people, that the serious question is, how will they be entertained? You conclude that you will allow them to dance, and you will name your entertainment a ball.\
Each dancer should be provided with a ball-card bearing a printed programme of the dances, having a space for making engagements upon the same, with a small pencil attached.\
Etiquette requires that the lady dance first with her escort, and afterward he should see that she is provided with partners, and that she enjoys herself, though she may dance with whom she pleases. He should conduct her to supper, and will hold himself in readiness to escort her home whenever she desires to go.\
No gentleman whose clothing or breath is tainted with the fumes of strong drink or tobacco should ever enter the presence of ladies in the dancing room.\
No gentleman should play the clown in the ballroom. Dancing a breakdown, making unusual noise, dressing in a peculiar style, swinging the arms about, swaggering, etc. are simply the characteristics of the buffoon.\
A gentleman who goes to a ball should dance frequently; if he does not, he will not receive many invitations afterward; he is not invited to ornament the wall and \'93wait for supper.\'94\
Ladies should not be allowed to sit the evening through without the privilege of dancing. Gentlemen should be sufficiently watchful to see that all ladies present are provided with partners.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 The Evils of the Ball\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
For the company to assemble at a late hour and engage in unusual, exciting, and severe exercise throughout the entire night is often too great a tax upon the physical system. To dress too thinly, and in a state of perspiration to be exposed, as ladies at the ball frequently are, to drafts of cold, is often times to plant the seeds of a disease from which they never recover.\
Again, to come in contact, as ladies are liable to do, more especially at the public ball, with disreputable men, is sometimes to form alliances that will cause a lifetime of sorrow.\
Well may the watchful parent look with anxiety and suspicion upon the ball, because its associations are so frequently dangerous. If in this chapter we give admonitions and suggestions that shall tend to correct some of the evils of the dance, our labours will not be in vain.\
\
The orchestra will first play a march, then a quadrille, a waltz, a polka, a gallop, etc. Interspersed with several round dances to each quadrille, usually ending with a march prior to supper.\
Never eat your supper in gloves. White kid gloves should be worn at other times throughout the dancing. It is well to have two pairs, one before supper, and one afterward.\
If any lady is without an attendant, it should be the duty of the lady of the house to see that she is provided with an escort. After supper, several dances will follow, the company dispersing, let us hope, at an early, temperate hour.\
The lady is not obliged to invite her escort to enter the house when he accompanies her home, and if invited he should decline the invitation. He should request permission to call the next day or evening, which will be true politeness.\
A gentleman should never presume upon the acquaintance of a lady after a ball. Ballroom introductions close with the dancing. Ladies will consult their own pleasure about recognizing a ballroom acquaintance at a future meeting.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Behaviour to be Avoided at the Ball\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}A lady should not enter or cross the hall unattended.\
{\listtext	\'95	}No gentleman should ever enter the ladies\'92 dressing room at a ball.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Never lead a lady in the ball by the hand; always offer the arm.\
{\listtext	\'95	}A lady should not select a gentleman to hold her bouquet, fan, and gloves during the dance, unless he be her husband, escort, or a relative.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not engage yourself for the last two or three dances; it may keep you too late.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Neither married nor unmarried ladies should leave a ballroom unattended.\
{\listtext	\'95	}A gentleman in waltzing should not encircle the waist of a lady until the dancing commences, and he should drop his arm when the music ceases.\
{\listtext	\'95	}No gentleman should use his bare hand to press the waist of a lady in the waltz. If without gloves, he should carry a handkerchief in his hand.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
How to Entertain At The Party\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Should any lady-guest be invited to play the piano, it is courtesy for the gentleman nearest to her to offer his arm and escort her to the instrument. While she is playing he will hold her bouquet, fan, and gloves. He should also turn the leaves if he can readily read music, but he should not attempt it otherwise. If is very impolite to speak disparagingly of the piano, however much it may be out of tune.\
Among the methods of entertainment resorted to, aside from conversation and dancing, may be those of a literary character. Thus, a debatable question may be compounded, a presiding officer selected, assisted by two, four, or six others, two leading disputants appointed, debaters chosen upon each side, and the speakers given each two, three, or five minutes to talk; the president and board of arbitration to decide the question according to the weight of the argument.\
Croquet parties are very fashionable, and are a healthy, pleasant means of diversion. The essentials necessary to make the game pleasant are good grounds that can be shaded, and clean, and comfortable, cool seats.\
It is the duty of the gentlemen to be ever attentive to the ladies. If it be a picnic, the gentlemen will carry the luncheon, erect the swings, construct the tables, bring the water, and provide the fuel for boiling the tea.\
On fishing excursions, they will furnish the tackle, bait the hooks, row the boats, carry the fish, and furnish comfortable seats for the ladies. In gathering nuts, they will climb the trees, do the shaking, carry the nuts, and assist the ladies across the streets and over the fences.}