{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs28 \cf0 Writing is like a journey\'85
\i0 \
\
Writing a novel is like being on a journey. Your characters are passengers, along for the ride. Then again, sometimes your characters take the wheel, and suddenly you\'92re the one taking a back seat.\
It might sound a bit clich\'e9, but for me, the analogy holds true. Writing Dead London has been a long journey already, and I have the feeling, even as I wrap up my second draft, that the journey is only just beginning.\
Here\'92s how it started: I decided to enter a contest. Not just any contest, either. The three-day novel contest. The name is explanatory; participants are expected to write a novel in three days. In my case, the name may have been somewhat of an exaggeration. Each year that I\'92ve entered the contest\'97and yes, I am crazy enough to have done it on more than one occasion\'97I\'92ve only managed to get about thirty to forty thousand words written. A far cry from a full novel.\
The contest forces you to push past your writer\'92s block, to ignore trivial things like grammar and sentence structure, and to write even when you\'92re so tired you can barely see the screen. You learn to make sacrifices along the way, often in the form of your characters\'92 lives. Out of time? Not to worry; just have your characters all die. The end. Yes, you end up cutting corners and leaving out crucial plot points, but it\'92s all worth it, because after just three days, you\'92ve got yourself a first draft.\
The first year that I entered, I wrote a story about a woman who unintentionally starts the apocalypse. Despite being utterly unpublishable, the so-called novel nonetheless produced something useful: characters. Indeed, a number of the characters I first introduced in that rough draft have reappeared in my upcoming debut novel, Dead London.\
The second year I entered the contest, I wrote a story about a zombie hunter whose boyfriend leaves her for dead. It\'92s part revenge story, part zombie apocalypse. It was in that rough first draft that I introduced Maggie X.\
One of my proudest creations to date, Maggie is the sort of character who leaps off the page. She\'92s this tough chick who doesn\'92t take crap from anyone, who hates it when men underestimate her because of her gender, and who takes way more pleasure in killing zombies than any sane person ought to. As I like to call her, she\'92s the original \'93bitch with a chainsaw.\'94\
Maggie evolved over time. For a while, I wrote a blog from her perspective. I also penned a number of comic book scripts about her zombie-killing antics. Every story I wrote about her, I got a little bit closer to understanding her depths. Then I wrote about her childhood. Spoiler alert: when Maggie was a little girl, she tricked her older brother into shooting their alcoholic father.\
That pivotal scene gave me a lot of insight into Maggie X\'92s personality. She\'92d started out as just this \'93bad chick\'94 archetype, but she grew into something much deeper than that. She\'92s a woman with a dark past, and she uses humour and zombie-hunting as coping mechanisms.\
\

\i The journey continues\'85
\i0 \
\
Eventually, I started writing steampunk. I\'92d been reading a lot of it at the time, and I\'92d long been in love with the aesthetic. At first, my intention was to write a Maggie X time travel story. I also thought about taking the alternate universe approach. In the end, I opted to introduce new characters.\
Because of my long-familiarity with Maggie X, I figured my new heroine would essentially be a rebranded Maggie X. I\'92d call her Miss Monday, because that fit in better with the steampunk aesthetic, and she\'92d wear Victorian clothes and have a clockwork eye, but otherwise, she\'92d be Maggie X.\
I was wrong though. As any writer can tell you, characters often have a way of writing themselves. Annabel Grey was like that for me. I gave her a number of Maggie X\'92s personality traits. She has the same toughness, the same determination, and the same ability to make snarky jokes in the face of danger. But she didn\'92t share Maggie\'92s enthusiasm for killing zombies. She proved just as capable at the task, but while Maggie would ram her chainsaw into a zombie\'92s skull with a smile on her face, Annabel would kill them with a pistol, white-knuckled and trembling with fear.\
The reason for these differences? Well, mainly it comes down to their backgrounds. Maggie X arranged her father\'92s death when she was a little girl. Annabel, on the other hand, never knew her father. She grew up on the mean streets of Victorian London, an orphan. What I quickly realized was that even the smallest of details can change how your characters behave. And big details can change 
\i everything
\i0 . With such vast differences in their backstories, it\'92s no wonder Annabel and Maggie are so different.\
Annabel quickly developed a personality all of her own. I can now say with confidence that I know Annabel as well as I know Maggie. And I love them both, equally, in spite of their differences. Getting to know and appreciate those differences is just part of the journey, part of the writing process.\
\

\i Characters often find ways of surprising me\'85
\i0 \
\
Take Dr. Allen for example. I created Dr. Allen for my third entry into the Three-Day Novel Contest. With Dr. Allen, I was aiming to create a bogeyman. He\'92s the dark shadowy figure people whisper rumours about. He\'92s the horror that parents warn their children about. He\'92s part Jack the Ripper, part Dr. Frankenstein, a mad scientist who takes people apart and puts them back together again.\
Dead London started out as a rewrite of that third contest entry. I took ideas from that story, combined them with ideas and characters from my Maggie X stories, and finally managed to cobble together the first draft of my first real novel.\
It was then that I decided to take a literal journey. Dead London, predictably, takes place in London. I hadn\'92t visited since I was twelve. So, with research in mind, I hopped on a plane, flew halfway around the world, and spent the next two weeks doing what I happily called research. I was also busy filling my suitcase with books from the various gift shops I visited. One such book, a biography of John Hunter, managed to take me by surprise.\
In John Hunter, I had found new inspiration for Dr. Allen. The biography (The Knife Man, by Wendy Moore) was fascinating, and it was also a bit morbid. It also gave me a lot of insight into surgery during the Georgian era. Although Dead London takes place in Victorian times, this was still useful.\
John Hunter\'92s life also made me realize something important about Dr. Allen. While I had initially pictured him as a bogeyman figure, there\'92s a fine line between good and evil. The most interesting people, John Hunter included, tend to walk on both sides of that line. The duality of his villainy and humanitarianism is what make him so fascinating to read about. That, I realized, is what Dr. Allen was lacking.\
\

\i On the road again\'85\
\

\i0 My characters had been across the world and back, just as I had. But even now, I have a long way to go. I\'92m looking forward to getting back to it.\
It\'92s a long journey. Usually, it starts with an idea. Or a character. Or maybe it\'92s just a scene you\'92ve got running in your head. Just take that and run with it.\
Write a rough first draft, and don\'92t let writer\'92s block get in your way. Just write. For a writer, there\'92s nothing harder to look at than a blank page. To stick with the travel analogy, it\'92s like having an empty suitcase when you\'92re getting ready for a trip. So, start packing!\
You don\'92t have to do a three-day marathon writing session like I did. Just get those words down on paper. Don\'92t worry about it being perfect. There\'92s a reason it\'92s called a rough draft.\
Don\'92t be afraid to let your characters drive the story. Don\'92t be afraid to backtrack, and don\'92t be afraid to deviate from your outline. Let your characters surprise you. Be flexible. And when all else fails, stop and ask for directions. Join a writer\'92s group or an online forum (I\'92m a member of The Scribbler\'92s Den at the Steampunk Empire).\
I can\'92t wait to see where this journey is going to take me next, and what interesting characters I\'92ll meet along the way. After all, that\'92s what I love about writing.}