{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Annabel flopped dramatically into the leather armchair in a way that managed to look both awkwardly painful and the very height of comfort. Her ecru dress was spattered with dried blood, none of it hers. Jonathan was staring at her.\
Ignoring him, she took a sip of tea and let out of a sigh of pleasure.\
\'93Earl grey,\'94 she said, practically purring.\
\'93Now?\'94 Jonathan exclaimed.\
\'93Now,\'94 Annabel affirmed. \'93I\'92m not killing any more zombies today. I\'92m simply not. It\'92s been a long, hard day, and it\'92s tea time. The zombies can attack later.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 Jonathan scoffed. \'93Good luck explaining that to the zombies when they barge their way through that door.\'94\
Annabel shrugged off the jibe, settled more comfortably into the chair, and helped herself to a biscuit.\
\'93But how did the zombies get onto the airship in the first place?\'94 she wanted to know.\
\'93They must have boarded when we landed a few days ago. They could have stowed away in the cargo hold,\'94 Jonathan theorized.\
\'93And gotten out of the cargo hold when Mr. Lockwood went and opened it earlier this morning,\'94 Annabel finished.\
They gave Lockwood an icy stare. Lockwood, for his part, did his best to look contrite, to both Annabel\'92s and Jonathan\'92s satisfaction.
\i  
\i0 Annabel reached for her cup of tea, and Jonathan slapped her hand away. 
\i Actually
\i0  slapped her hand away! Her mouth opened in an expression of shock, and moral outrage, and\'85\
\'93Never mind that,\'94 said Jonathan, \'93What are we going to do about the zombies?\'94\
\'93What are 
\i you
\i0  going to do about the zombies?\'94 Annabel countered. \'93
\i I\'92m
\i0  going to sit here and enjoy a nice cup of Earl Grey. 
\i You\'92re 
\i0 going to deal with the zombies.\'94\
Jonathan sighed.\
\'93Impossible. I can\'92t even use my pistol. Hydrogen balloons,\'94 he reminded her.\
Annabel sighed. She was exhausted, but this conversation was quickly becoming more tiresome than the thought of dispatching some thirty-five ravenous undead cannibals with her bare hands.\
\'93Sword?\'94 she asked.\
Jonathan set off to find one, and having done so, handed it to Annabel.\
He went to the door.\
\'93Ready?\'94\
\'93As ready as I\'92ll ever be,\'94 Annabel answered. \'93Just open the door, and then get behind me.\'94\
She sighed, then apparently deciding it might actually be worth her trouble to get out of her chair, did so. \'93They\'92ve interrupted me at tea time. I almost pity them.\'94\
\'93I 
\i do
\i0  pity them,\'94 Jonathan muttered. Then he opened the door.}