{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Quickly, as he was now running abhorrently late, Roderick abandoned his smock and dressed himself. He added a brightly coloured blue ascot to the ensemble, which he complemented with an ivory frock coat with blue buttons and embroidered with silver threads, and a pair of blue kid gloves.\
\'93Best kiss? I\'92m afraid not even close, my friend,\'94 he said to Bailey. \'93But let\'92s not talk about that; I hate to see you jealous.\'94\
He selected a top hat from a rack containing numerous options; he chose one with a hint of violet, placed it upon his head, and checked his reflection in the looking glass. He nodded his approval, snatching up an umbrella from its rack.\
\'93See,\'94 he said, gazing at his reflection. \'93I don\'92t look a thing like Sherlock Holmes.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t think he was talking about your 
\i appearance
\i0 ,\'94 he argued in his Bailey voice. \'93Most likely he was referring to your work as a detective. Honestly, Roderick, are you incapable of accepting a compliment?\'94\
Roderick gave a sigh of feigned annoyance. \'93I hate it when you\'92re so logical, Bailey,\'94 he said. He picked up the dog affectionately and let Bailey nuzzle up against his chest. \'93You\'92re right, I suppose. It must have been meant as a compliment. Even so, I loathe the comparison to that imbecile, Holmes.\'94\
Thusly dressed, he took a bit of what he liked to think of as 
\i medicinal
\i0  cocaine, patted Bailey on the head, and headed out into the night.\
\'93Mustn\'92t keep my driver waiting,\'94 he said. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1CC91EF8-073A-411C-A508-47BED1821E09"}}{\fldrslt He had an appointment to keep. A hundred men had been murdered this evening, and it looked like the culprit was none other than the nefarious Dr. Allen.}}}