{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Roderick, it\'92s me!\'94 a man\'92s voice called from beyond the door.\
Bailey yipped and wagged his tail in excitement. Roderick, recognizing the voice, gave a shrug, and headed for the door, deciding not to bother with trousers. R\'e9my raised his eyebrows, scandalized.\
Roderick, ignoring him, opened the door to find an old friend standing outside.\
\'93Jonathan!\'94 he exclaimed happily, greeting his friend with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Bailey upped the ante by whining with excitement and dancing in circles.\
\'93Roderick,\'94 Jonathan replied, looking a bit embarassed. \'93I\'92m sorry to come calling at this hour, and without sending a card.\'94\
Roderick dismissed the apology with a wave of his hand. \'93Nonsense!\'94 he said. \'93What use are such formalities among old friends? Come in, make yourself at home. R\'e9my here was just leaving.\'94\
\'93I was?\'94 R\'e9my put in, but with a withering look from Roderick, he picked up the remainder of his things, gave Jonathan a look of furious jealousy, and stormed past him.\
Roderick put a hand on Andrew\'92s hand, halting his progress at the door, and promised that they\'92d pick up where they left off soon enough. \'93And I\'92m not speaking entirely of the painting,\'94 he said with a wink.\
R\'e9my went beet red at that scandalous comment, but he smiled, kissed Roderick once again, this time on the cheek, and left, this time satisfied that Jonathan did not represent competition.\
When he\'92d left, Roderick gave a weary smile and said, \'93Sorry about that.\'94\
He turned on his heel and swept into his living room, giving Jonathan a glimpse of his posterior. Jonathan made no comment; apparently they\'92d been friends long enough that Jonathan wasn\'92t bothered by the view. He lifted a small wooden box from his bookshelf, and offered a sampling of its contents to his friend.\
\'93Is that snuff?\'94 Jonathan wondered.\
\'93Cocaine,\'94 he explained, and put a bit up his nose by way of demonstration. He inhaled sharply and let out a whoop of exhilaration. \'93Sigmund Freud swears by it, you know. Calls it a 
\i magical substance
\i0 . And indeed it is! Wonderful. No side effects, and not at all addictive\'97though I can\'92t seem to give it up,\'94 he added with a laugh. \'93Are you familiar with Freud, by the way?\'94\
Jonathan indicated that he wasn\'92t and declined the offer of the magical substance with a wave of his hand. Roderick set the box back on the shelf. He took a seat on the divan, while Jonathan settled into the settee.\
\'93Sarah Bernhardt uses it as well, which\'97truth be told\'97was my real reason for giving it a go. Do you know Sarah Bernhardt?\'94 Roderick continued. \'93Fabulous woman, you simply 
\i must 
\i0 meet her. I\'92ll introduce you, but you must first promise me you won\'92t fall in love with her. Most men do, it seems, and I\'92m afraid she\'92d be a bad influence on you. Given your own reputation, that is saying something.
\i \'94
\i0 \
\'93Roderick, I\'92m afraid this isn\'92t a social call,\'94 Jonathan said, abruptly putting an end to Roderick\'92s enthusiasm.\
\'93Oh,\'94 he said, looking at his friend with concern. He quieted, and said gravely, \'93Oh, I see. In that case, what can I do for you?\'94\
He crossed one leg over the other, patted the empty space on the divan, inviting Bailey to leap up beside him. He scratched his dog\'92s head and studied his friend\'92s face for some indication of what had happened.\
\'93Did something happen at the ball?\'94 he asked.\
Jonathan\'92s mouth opened in surprise.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he said.\
Roderick listened intently as Jonathan summarized the events of the evening, beginning with the pair of letters that Jonathan believed tied Connor to the Resurrectionists, and ending with his narrow escape through the window of Connor\'92s mansion. At first, Roderick had felt a guilty sort of glee at his friend\'92s drama\'97
\i Lord Connor, Resurrectionist 
\i0 was indeed a dramatic headline\'97but as the story unfolded, his excitement turned to concern for his friend.\
While Roderick had protested that he was an artist, not a detective, the truth was that Roderick had often been called in to advise the police on particularly difficult cases. This arrangement had begun with the theft of an obscure piece of art, Roderick being generally considered an art expert, and had continued when the police had discovered that Roderick\'92s knowledge was not in any way constrained to the art world. Roderick was a true polymath. Roderick made a study of all things\'97whatever field of study caught his interest at the moment\'97and had a near-eidetic memory. Naturally, when a series of gruesome murders made headlines, the police had called on Roderick to help them find the culprit responsible. Roderick had been unable to catch the killer, but he had been useful, at least, in narrowing down the list of subjects. The killer, he had told the police all those years ago, was most likely a member of the secret scientific society known as the Resurrectionists.\
Before these murders, there had been a number of rumours going around about a few prominent scientists; none of these rumours were ever proven, and after it came to light that a Resurrectionist was to blame for the series of murders, they went deeper underground. In Roderick\'92s mind, this only served to confirm their guilt. Frankly, it worried Roderick that they had resurfaced at Connor\'92s masquerade. More troubling, of course, was that they\'92d walked in on Jonathan as he\'92d fled the site of Lord Connor\'92s death.\
\'93So,\'94 he said, \'93The Resurrectionists most likely believe that you are responsible for Lord Connor\'92s death.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Jonathan said heavily. Roderick was unaccustomed to such gravity in his friend\'92s voice. He was right to be worried, however.\
\'93I\'92m sorry to say I don\'92t have anything good to tell you, as a result. They are likely to come after you. We can only hope that they did not learn your identity.\'94\
\'93But what do I 
\i do
\i0 , Roderick?\'94 Jonathan pleaded.\
Roderick sat back, deep in thought. He ruffled Bailey\'92s ears. Suddenly, he sat up.\
\'93Simple. We shall simply have to learn the names of each of the Resurrectionists, and turn them in to the police.\'94\
Jonathan let out a guffaw.\
\'93Oh, is that all?\'94 he said, and sighed. \'93Thanks, Roderick, you do know how to cheer me up. So, there isn\'92t any hope for me, then? I\'92m a dead man walking?\'94\
\'93I\'92m 
\i serious
\i0 ,\'94 said Roderick, seriously. \'93I know, I know. That doesn\'92t happen often, but this isn\'92t something I\'92d take lightly. We are going to unmask the Resurrectionists, once and for all. Each and every one of them.\'94\
Jonathan gave Roderick a look as if to say, 
\i you\'92re high
\i0 , and to be fair, he 
\i was
\i0 .\
\'93What else are you going to do? Sit back and wait for them to come after you?\'94 Roderick posited.\
Jonathan shrugged. \'93Fair enough,\'94 he said after a minute. \'93Where do we start?\'94\
\'93Ah!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, startling Bailey out of his seat. The terrier began barking. \'93Ah! Now there\'92s a good question. 
\i Where do we start?
\i0 \'94 He sat down, suddenly aware that he\'92d stood up at some point he couldn\'92t recall. He thought for a moment, then said, \'93You\'92ll have to consult an expert, I\'92m afraid.\'94\
\'93You\'92re an expert,\'94 Jonathan countered, as Roderick left his seat again and continued the conversation from his bedroom.\
\'93When I consulted for Scotland Yard on the Resurrectionist murders, I consulted another expert. A fellow eccentric with an exceedingly keen interest in murder. Parson Sinews,\'94 Roderick explained, calling to Jonathan in the sitting room.\
He abandoned his smock and began dressing himself. He added a brightly coloured blue ascot to the ensemble, which he complemented with an ivory frock coat with blue buttons and embroidered with silver threads, and a pair of blue kid gloves.\
\'93Sinews is a collector. He keeps broadsides and other memorabilia from famous crime scenes, and visits the sites of all the worst murders. When he can, he arranges to meet with the villains themselves, before they\'92re sent to the gallows. The more gruesome the murder, the keener his interest. He is said to own a ledger, made from the 
\i skin
\i0  of William Burke. How\'92s that for ironic? He has a length of the gallows rope used to hang Mary Ann Cotton. Supposedly he has an 
\i original
\i0  Ripper letter in his possession.\'94\
\'93And you want me to 
\i meet
\i0  this, this, murder enthusiast?\'94 Jonathan called.\
\'93Yes, well, he knows more about the Resurrectionists than anyone else in London, myself included. If we hope to mount a war against them, we\'92ll need Mr. Sinews\'92 assistance, I\'92m afraid.\'94\
He selected a top hat from a rack containing numerous options; he chose one with a hint of violet, placed it upon his head, and checked his reflection in the looking glass. He nodded his approval, snatching up an umbrella from its rack.\
\'93See,\'94 he said, gazing at his reflection and taking up his earlier conversation. \'93I don\'92t look a thing like Sherlock Holmes.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t think he was talking about your 
\i appearance
\i0 ,\'94 he argued in his Bailey voice. \'93Most likely he was referring to your work as a detective. Honestly, Roderick, are you incapable of accepting a compliment?\'94\
Roderick gave a sigh of feigned annoyance. \'93I hate it when you\'92re so logical, Bailey,\'94 he said. He picked up the dog affectionately and let Bailey nuzzle up against his chest. \'93You\'92re right, I suppose. It must have been meant as a compliment. Even so, I loathe the comparison to that imbecile, Holmes.\'94\
Thusly dressed, he returned to the sitting room. Jonathan got up.\
\'93We\'92re not going 
\i now
\i0 , are we? Surely we\'92ll wait till morning?\'94\
\'93
\i You\'92re
\i0  going now,\'94 Roderick told him. \'93Mr. Sinews keeps strictly to night hours. If you wait till morning, he\'92ll be in bed.\'94\
\'93And I\'92m to call on him unannounced? You\'92re not coming with me?\'94\
\'93I\'92ll write you a card,\'94 said Roderick. \'93He\'92ll be more than happy to receive you, I assure you. You have a gun, by the way?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyebrows went up.\
\'93I do,\'94 he said, alarmed by the question. \'93Should I expect to need it?\'94\
\'93No, of course not,\'94 Roderick said with a gentle laugh, \'93It is loaded, though, yes?\'94\
When Jonathan nodded, Roderick relaxed, and headed for the door. He paused to write up the calling card; he had stationary on the credenza by the door. He pressed the card into Jonathan\'92s hand.\
\'93Wait, where are 
\i you
\i0  headed? You\'92re not coming with me?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93I had planned to attend Lord Connor\'92s masquerade ball, you know, but time got the best of me. It often does, you know? Better late than never, as they say. I\'92m sure my friend the detective will be there by now. I\'92ll do my best to make sure 
\i your 
\i0 name doesn\'92t come up in conversation.\'94}