{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Without a suitable location to dock the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 , Jonathan had been forced to disembark via rope ladder, while the ship remained floating above. With a sense of vertigo made worse by a head dizzied by absinthe, he\'92d climbed down to the ground below. He\'92d signalled to the ship, then made his way on foot.\
Distance, time, and drink had already managed to calm Jonathan\'92s nerves, and although he\'92d had a gun pointed at his head and jumped out the window to escape a gang of masked men, he was beginning to feel that he\'92d overreacted. In a city as big as London, it was unlikely the Resurrectionists \'97other than Grundy\'97knew who he was. He had escaped. He might sleep with a pistol by his bedside for the next few days, but as far as he was concerned, he was in the clear. What he should do now was go home, and climb into bed. Still, he was here now. It was not out of the ordinary for Jonathan to drop in on his friend, even unannounced.\
\'93Roderick, open up, it\'92s me!\'94 he called at the door.\
He heard Bailey yipping in excitement. The door swung open, revealing a familiar, friendly face. Roderick Steen wore a painter\'92s smock, and, so far as Jonathan could tell, nothing else. A young, smooth-skinned man stood a few paces behind Roderick, looking mortified.\
\'93Jonathan!\'94 Roderick exclaimed happily, greeting him with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Bailey upped the ante by whining with excitement and dancing in circles.\
\'93Roderick,\'94 Jonathan replied. \'93I\'92m sorry to come calling at this hour, and without sending a card.\'94\
Roderick dismissed the apology with a wave of his hand. \'93Nonsense!\'94 he said. \'93What use are such formalities among old friends? Come in, make yourself at home. R\'e9my here was just leaving.\'94\
\'93I was?\'94 asked the French model, but with a withering look from Roderick, he picked up the remainder of his things, gave Jonathan a look of furious jealousy, and stormed past him.\
Roderick put a hand firmly, but gently, on R\'e9my\'92s wrist, halting his progress at the door. With a whisper, he promised that they\'92d pick up where they left off soon enough. \'93And I\'92m not speaking entirely of the painting,\'94 he said with a wink.\
R\'e9my went beet red at that, but he smiled and allowed Roderick to plant a kiss on his cheek. He swept past Jonathan, apparently now satisfied that Jonathan did not represent competition.\
When he was gone, Roderick gave a weary smile and said, \'93Sorry about that.\'94\
Roderick turned on his heel and swept into his living room, giving Jonathan a glimpse of his posterior. Jonathan made no comment; they\'92d been friends long enough that Jonathan wasn\'92t exactly shocked by the view. He watched as Roderick lifted a small wooden box from his bookshelf, and offered him a sampling of its contents.\
\'93Is that snuff?\'94 he wondered.\
\'93Cocaine,\'94 Roderick explained with a roguish grin, and put a bit up his nose by way of demonstration. He inhaled sharply and let out a whoop of exhilaration. \'93Sigmund Freud swears by it, you know. Calls it a 
\i magical substance
\i0 . And indeed it is! Wonderful. No side effects, and not at all addictive\'97though I can\'92t seem to give it up,\'94 he added with a laugh. \'93Are you familiar with Freud, by the way?\'94\
Jonathan indicated that he wasn\'92t and declined the offer of the magical substance with a shake of his head. Roderick set the box back on the shelf. He took a seat on the divan, while Jonathan settled into the settee.\
Roderick\'92s tastes inclined towards the excessive, the decadent, and the ridiculous. His furniture was ornate, decorated in brightly colored floral prints, not to mention an excess of tassels. His walls were papered in a yellow and red striped pattern. An enormous chandelier hung from the ceiling, spilling candlelight across the wide expanse of Roderick\'92s sitting room. Furs were draped over the furniture. Roderick was a loud proponent of the aesthetic movement. Though Jonathan was well acquainted with this fact, he still managed to be overwhelmed by Roderick\'92s decor and boisterous manner whenever he called on his friend.\
\'93Sarah Bernhardt uses it as well, which\'97truth be told\'97was my real reason for giving it a go. Do you know Sarah Bernhardt?\'94 Roderick continued, speaking rapidly. \'93Fabulous woman, you simply 
\i must 
\i0 meet her. I\'92ll introduce you, but you must first promise me you won\'92t fall in love with her. Most men do, it seems, and I\'92m afraid she\'92d be a bad influence on you. Given your own reputation, that is saying something.
\i \'94\

\i0 \'93Very well then,\'94 Jonathan replied, winking. \'93I promise.\'94\
\'93Somehow I don\'92t believe you,\'94 Roderick said. \'93But listen to me ramble. You\'92ve just returned from Prague, haven\'92t you? I was so sorry to hear about your father.\'94\
\'93Thanks, Roderick,\'94 he said. He sighed. He should have called upon Roderick sooner.\
Roderick crossed one leg over the other, patted the empty space on the divan, inviting Bailey to leap up beside him. He scratched his dog\'92s head and studied Jonathan\'92s face. He quieted, and said, suddenly grave. \'93Something tells me this isn\'92t a social call.\'94\
Jonathan started. \'93What do you mean? Of course it is.\'94\
Roderick scoffed. \'93You\'92re a terrible liar, Johnny, old boy. Now, tell me, what has happened?\'94\
Jonathan sighed. It was one of the problems with associating with a man as perceptive as Roderick. Nothing slipped past him.\
\'93Must I?\'94 he protested. \'93There\'92s a new opera playing this evening. I believe it\'92s still early enough to catch the late showing if we leave now. Or perhaps a night of gambling at my club?\'94\
Roderick had brightened at the mention of the opera, but he shook his head.\
\'93I\'92m afraid my interest in gossip outweighs my inclination to attend the opera. I must insist\'97\'94\
\'93Alright, alright,\'94 Jonathan said. \'93But it\'92s really nothing worth fretting over.\'94\
Roderick listened intently as Jonathan summarized the events of the evening. He began with the pair of letters that Jonathan believed tied Connor to the Resurrectionists, and ended with his narrow escape through the window. Roderick, for his part, listened attentively, his meticulously plucked eyebrows furrowed with concern as Jonathan explained.\
Roderick, Jonathan knew, had often been called in to advise the police on particularly difficult cases. This arrangement had begun with the theft of an obscure piece of art, Roderick being generally considered an art expert, and had continued when the police had discovered that Roderick\'92s expertise was not in any way constrained to the art world. Roderick was a true polymath. He had made a study of a broad number of subjects, his interests changing temperamentally. He had a practically eidetic memory.\
A few years ago, a series of gruesome murders made headlines, and the police had called on Roderick to help them find the culprit responsible. Roderick had been unable to catch the killer, but he had been useful, at least, in narrowing down the list of subjects. The killer, he had told the police all those years ago, was most likely a member of the scientific society known as the Resurrectionists.\
Before these murders, there had been a number of rumours going around about a few prominent scientists; none of these rumours were ever proven, and after it came to light that a Resurrectionist was to blame for the murders, they went underground, abandoning the gentleman\'92s club that once served as their base of operations. As Roderick had once told Jonathan, this only served to confirm their guilt.\
After relating his story to Roderick, Jonathan watched his friend\'92s face for a reaction. They sat in silence for a matter of minutes, while Roderick\'92s face ran through a variety of expressions ranging from worried, to thoughtful, to downright frightened.\
\'93So,\'94 Roderick said at last. His tone was neutral. Jonathan was unaccustomed to such gravity in his friend\'92s voice. Frankly, it worried him. \'93The Resurrectionists most likely believe that you are responsible for Lord Connor\'92s death.\'94\
\'93That seems likely,\'94Jonathan said. \'93Of course, they might not even know who I am. I was masked, after all.\'94\
\'93Jonathan, the Resurrectionists are not to be underestimated. They will come after you, kill you if they can, discredit you if they can\'92t. We can\'92t be certain they didn\'92t recognize you; we can only assume they 
\i do
\i0  know who you are.\'94\
Jonathan frowned. \'93In a city as big as London? You flatter me; I\'92m not that famous.\'94\
\'93Jonathan, you fly around in an airship with your family\'92s name on it,\'94 said Roderick. \'93And what about Grundy? He saw you with your mask off. You introduced yourself by name.\'94\
Jonathan shrugged. \'93Well, yes, there is that. So we track down Grundy, make sure he didn\'92t tell the other Resurrectionists about me.\'94\
Roderick said nothing. He had that look on his face that he often got when he was lost in thought. Jonathan knew that look all too well. A minute passed in silence as Roderick continued to stare blankly. Suddenly, he sat up.\
\'93Not just Grundy,\'94 he said. \'93We need to learn the names of each of the Resurrectionists, and turn them in to the police.\'94\
Jonathan let out a guffaw. \'93Oh, is that all?\'94 he said, and sighed. \'93Thanks, Roderick, you do know how to cheer me up. So, there isn\'92t any hope for me, then? I\'92m a dead man walking?\'94\
\'93I\'92m 
\i serious
\i0 ,\'94 said Roderick, and if Jonathan didn\'92t know him better, he\'92d have believed it. \'93I know, I know. But this isn\'92t the sort of thing one takes lightly. We are going to unmask the Resurrectionists, once and for all. Each and every last one of them.\'94\
Jonathan gave Roderick a doubtful look as if to say, 
\i you\'92re high
\i0 , and to be fair, he 
\i was
\i0 . But Roderick returned the expression with a critical expression of his own, all arched eyebrows and neck angled so as to ensure he was looking down his nose at Jonathan.\
\'93What else are you going to do?\'94 Roderick demanded. \'93Sit back and wait for them to come after you?\'94\
Jonathan let out a sigh. Sometimes it was easier just to humour Roderick when he was like this. He should have known Roderick would be dramatic about this whole nasty business. Eventually, Roderick would lose interest and turn to some other pursuit. In the meantime, Jonathan could learn what he could about the Resurrectionists, not because he felt they were after him, but because he still wanted to write his article.\
\'93Fine,\'94 he said. \'93Where do we start?\'94\
\'93Ah!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, startling Bailey out of his seat. The terrier began barking excitedly, pursuing his own tail as if it was the source of all the commotion. \'93Ah! Now there\'92s a good question. 
\i Where do we start?
\i0 \'94 After a moment, then said, \'93I suppose you\'92ll have to consult an expert.\'94\
\'93But 
\i you\'92re
\i0  an expert,\'94 Jonathan countered, as Roderick left his seat again and disappeared into the adjacent room. \'93You\'92re 
\i the
\i0  expert.\
\'93Not really. When I consulted for Scotland Yard on the Resurrectionist murders, I consulted an expert of my own. A fellow eccentric with an exceedingly keen interest in murder. Parson Sinews,\'94 Roderick explained, calling to Jonathan, who remained in the sitting room.\
\'93Sinews is a collector. He keeps broadsides and other memorabilia from famous crime scenes, and visits the sites of all the worst murders. When he can, he arranges to meet with the villains themselves, before they\'92re sent to the gallows. The more gruesome the murder, the keener his interest. He is said to own a ledger, made from the 
\i skin
\i0  of William Burke. How\'92s that for ironic? He has a length of the gallows rope used to hang Mary Ann Cotton. Supposedly he has an 
\i original
\i0  Ripper letter in his possession.\'94\
\'93And you want me to 
\i meet
\i0  this, this, murder enthusiast?\'94 Jonathan called.\
\'93Yes, well, he knows more about the Resurrectionists than anyone else in London, myself included. If we hope to mount a war against them, we\'92ll need Mr. Sinews\'92 assistance, I\'92m afraid.\'94\
With that, Roderick returned to the sitting room, dressed now, as if he was going out. He wore a brightly colored blue ascot, an ivory frock coat with blue buttons and embroidered with silver thread, and a pair of blue kid gloves.\
Jonathan got up.\
\'93We\'92re not going 
\i now
\i0 , are we? Surely we\'92ll wait till morning?\'94\
\'93
\i You\'92re
\i0  going now,\'94 Roderick told him, selecting a top hat from a rack containing numerous options; the one in question was made of dark plum felt, with a blue ribbon. He placed it on his head and checked his reflection in the looking glass. He nodded his approval, snatched up an umbrella from its rack, and added, \'93Mr. Sinews keeps strictly to night hours. If you wait till morning, he\'92ll be in bed.\'94\
\'93And I\'92m to call on him unannounced?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93I\'92ll write you a card,\'94 said Roderick. \'93He\'92ll be more than happy to receive you, I\'92m sure. You have a gun, by the way?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyebrows went up.\
\'93My father has a gun collection on the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 , remember?\'94 he said, alarmed by the question. \'93Should I expect to need one?\'94\
\'93No, of course not,\'94 Roderick said, laughing off the question, \'93But you might want to take one, just in case.\'94\
When Jonathan assured him that he would, Roderick relaxed. He armed himself with a revolver and headed for the door.\
Roderick paused to write up the calling card; he had stationary on the credenza by the door. He pressed the card into Jonathan\'92s hand.\
\'93I\'92ve introduced you by your pseudonym,\'94 he said, meaning that he\'92d written 
\i Mr. O
\i0  on the card.\
\'93Wait, where are 
\i you
\i0  headed? You\'92re not coming with me?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93I had planned to attend Lord Connor\'92s masquerade ball, you know, but time got the best of me. It often does, you know? Still, better late than never, as they say. I\'92m sure my friend the detective will be there by now. I\'92ll do my best to make sure 
\i your 
\i0 name doesn\'92t come up in conversation. One more thing\'85\'94 Roderick added.\
\'93Yes?\'94 Jonathan prompted.\
\'93This Mr. Monday you mentioned. Where does he fit in?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know yet,\'94 Jonathan admitted, \'93I\'92m not even sure he 
\i does
\i0 . He didn\'92t seem to know of Connor\'92s connection to the Resurrectionists. He might have just been in the wrong place at the wrong time. Whatever the case, if the Resurrectionists were to learn that he was there when Connor died, they will likely come after him as well.\'94\
\'93Then Monday may be a useful ally,\'94 Roderick suggested.\
\'93I don\'92t think so,\'94 Jonathan told him. \'93Monday is dangerous. Unpredictable. And honestly, a bit frightening.\'94\
Roderick grinned. \'93Tell me more. I think I might 
\i like
\i0  him.\'94}