{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0  At first, Roderick had felt a guilty sort of glee at his friend\'92s drama - 
\i Lord Connor, Resurrectionist 
\i0 was indeed a dramatic headline - but as the story unfolded, his excitement turned to concern for his friend.\
\
He abandoned his smock and began dressing himself. He added a brightly coloured blue ascot to the ensemble, which he complemented with an ivory frock coat with blue buttons and embroidered with silver threads, and a pair of blue kid gloves.\
\
He selected a top hat from a rack containing numerous options; he chose one with a hint of violet, placed it upon his head, and checked his reflection in the looking glass. He nodded his approval, snatching up an umbrella from its rack.\
\
\'93See,\'94 he said, gazing at his reflection and taking up his earlier conversation. \'93I don\'92t look a thing like Sherlock Holmes.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t think he was talking about your 
\i appearance
\i0 ,\'94 he argued in his Bailey voice. \'93Most likely he was referring to your work as a detective. Honestly, Roderick, are you incapable of accepting a compliment?\'94\
Roderick gave a sigh of feigned annoyance. \'93I hate it when you\'92re so logical, Bailey,\'94 he said. He picked up the dog affectionately and let Bailey nuzzle up against his chest. \'93You\'92re right, I suppose. It must have been meant as a compliment. Even so, I loathe the comparison to that imbecile, Holmes.\'94\
\
Roderick was right. He thought about what Monday had said of his plan to escape via airship - that the ship would draw attention, while the point was to avoid it. Worse, the name of the printing company was printed on the balloon of the ship; if it had been spotted, it would lead the Resurrectionists straight to him. The Resurrectionists were dangerous. He couldn\'92t afford to do nothing.}