{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://41CF9F9A-CDF4-4221-B53E-ED19BCDDBC54"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jonathan had grown tired of traveling by airship and had therefore given the ship\'92s captain and crew the rest of the night off.}}
\f0\fs24  Captain Merrick had provided him with a flare gun, in case he needed to summon the ship after all.\
With the flare gun tucked safely in his belt, and one of his father\'92s guns on the opposite hip, Jonathan flagged down a passing fly carriage. He gave the driver the address Roderick had printed neatly on the calling card. While not as quick as the airship, a fly was at least quicker than a hansom, and unlike the airship didn\'92t have the disadvantage of wearing at Jonathan\'92s nerves. He had enough to worry him already. He patted the pistol at his hip for courage. Roderick had assured him he wouldn\'92t need his gun, but on the other hand, had been quite adamant that he take one.\
So, it was with caution that Jonathan got out of the fly, casting an auspicious eye on the old, gothic house belonging to Parson Sinews. According to his friend, Sinews was an 
\i expert
\i0  on the Resurrectionists. This itself was enough to make Jonathan suspicious. Roderick was not quick to give out praise, especially when it came to intellect. For Roderick, an intelligent person might earn the description 
\i not entirely idiotic
\i0 , and in Roderick\'92s estimation, this would be high praise. In all the years he\'92d known Roderick Steen, not once had Jonathan heard him use the word 
\i expert
\i0  to describe someone other than himself. This fact, in consideration of the subject at which Mr. Sinews was an expert, was unsettling. After all, Sinews was a collector of paraphernalia related to the most gruesome murders throughout history. Jonathan shivered as he turned to pay his driver. The man thanked him, but didn\'92t linger. The horse clopped along the cobblestone street until Jonathan stood alone on the sidewalk. London in this part of the city, at this time of night, was eerily silent.\
Not for the first time, Jonathan thought about simply going home and climbing into bed. He expected he would wake up the next morning, feeling like all of this had been a bad dream, and continuing on as if nothing had ever happened out of the ordinary. After all, it was unlikely the Resurrectionists were 
\i after him
\i0 . That
\i  
\i0 was probably just Roderick being dramatic, which was to say Roderick being Roderick.\
Then again, if they did know who he was, he needed to know what he was up against. He needed to arm himself with information. Jonathan\'92s father had often reminded Jonathan that information was a weapon, and one to be wielded like a sword. In that regard, Jonathan was currently unarmed.\
He walked up the steps to Mr. Sinews\'92 house. There was a brass knocker on the door in the shape of a serpent eating its own tail. An 
\i ouroboros
\i0 . A curious thing to have on one\'92s door, Jonathan thought. He used the brass serpent to knock firmly on the door. A minute passed, and Jonathan thought about turning around and heading back down the steps. It was not too late for him to abandon this fool\'92s crusade against the Resurrectionists. He decided to knock again, and without bothering to wait, began heading back down the steps, when he heard someone coming.\
The door swung open, and a man stood in the doorway. The first thing Jonathan noticed about him was his scars, which lined his face from forehead to chin, intersecting his dark skin with harsh lines of pink. The man\'92s thickly muscled neck was adorned with a necklace of brass-painted bone. His right eye was red as blood. The left was a vibrant ocher.\
Jonathan handed him Roderick\'92s card. After a moment, he stepped aside to admit Jonathan into the house.\
\'93Right this way, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said in a deep baritone. He had just the hint of an accent, Haitian if Jonathan guessed right.\
Following him inside, Jonathan noticed that while the man was physically fearsome, he was impeccably dressed, in a perfectly tailored suit and a well-tied cravat. For a moment, Jonathan wondered if this man was Mr. Sinews. After all, Jonathan considered his own family; while they had no titles, the Grimmer family had earned a begrudging amount of respect from at least some members of the aristocracy due to their wealth and business status. Even so, the man who stood before him was dressed better than even Jonathan. But somehow, Jonathan was beginning to think that this was Sinews\'92 
\i servant
\i0 , and Mr. Sinews\'92 wealth eclipsed even the Grimmer family\'92s fortune.\
Once Jonathan was inside, a quick glance around the foyer was enough to confirm this. While the house was in a gothic style, it was clearly a reproduction; the gothic manor was brand new. It was polished, clean, and expensively decorated with foreign imports. Egyptian statues, Persian carpets, and so on. Mr. Sinews\'92 tastes were both exotic and bold.\
The sound boomed and resonated throughout the house as the Haitian closed the door behind him.\
\'93If you\'92ll wait here, Mr. Grimmer, I\'92ll let Mr. Sinews know you\'92re here.\'94\
As the doorman disappeared down the hallway, Jonathan looked around the entryway. It was rude of him to snoop, but his upbringing as the son of a newspaper man, had taught him to be unapologetically nosy. So he looked at paintings on the wall, picked up items off the shelves.\
There was a touch of the macabre in every item of Sinews\'92 collection. The Egyptian statues were of Anubis and Osiris, gods of death and the afterlife. He had specimens in jars and animal skulls on display. Even the rug on the floor featured a motif of skulls. There were broadsides in frames mounted on the walls. There was a lone book on one shelf, and Jonathan recalled that Sinews was supposed to own a book wrapped in the skin of Henry Burke. He allowed himself to wonder if this might be the book in question.\
When the Haitian returned, Jonathan was holding a tall jar of clay with hieroglyphic carvings on its lid. He frowned at Jonathan.\
\'93Mr. Sinews has quite the collection,\'94 Jonathan said. \'93Bit morbid for my tastes, but still, impressive.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 \'93The world craves the grotesque. Those who pretend otherwise deceive no one but themselves,\'94 said a voice from down the hall. Following a set of soft footsteps on hardwood floor, the voice resolved into a man.\
This was Parson Sinews. Jonathan was sure of it from the moment he stepped into the room. He had the bearing of an aristocrat, if not a very god. Frankly, he was the most beautiful man Jonathan had ever seen. Jonathan had a bit of a reputation as a rake, and was guilty of taking too much pride in his own image in the looking glass, but in Sinews\'92 presence, he felt a bit like Quasimodo in the presence of Adonis. Jonathan\'92s preference was for women, but he wasn\'92t blind.\
\'93Mr. Sinews, I presume?\'94 said Jonathan. \'93You\'92re not quite what I expected.\'94\
Sinews had all the lean, agile grace of a predator. He was tall, Jonathan noted, only a little shorter than Jonathan. He had dark hair, sable and swept back neatly. He was clean-shaven, and hadn\'92t a blemish on his milky white skin. But most striking in Jonathan\'92s estimation were his eyes. They were bright, and wide, almost 
\i youthful
\i0 , for lack of a better word. It was as if an adolescent stared out of the eyes of a man; the effect was unnerving. They were jade in color, and at the moment, they were 
\i amused
\i0 .\
\'93You were expecting some dusty, old Professor type?\'94 said Sinews.\
\'93I\'92m not sure what I was expecting,\'94 Jonathan told him.\
Jonathan noticed that while Sinews was expensively dressed, he wore his clothes with a certain disregard. His vest and shirt were both buttoned only partway up. His collar was not ironed. His sleeves were rolled up. Definitely not what Jonathan had been expecting.\
\'93But Roderick Steen credited you as an 
\i expert
\i0 . And given your expansive collection of antiquities and cultural artifacts, I suppose your description of a dusty, old Professor does match my expectations better than the reality.\'94\
The Haitian handed Sinews\'92 Jonathan\'92s card, saying, \'93This is a 
\i Mr. O
\i0 , according to his card. An acquaintance of Mr. Roderick Steen.\'94\
Sinews\'92 mouth twitched into a semblance of a grin. \'93A pleasure to meet you, Mr. O,\'94 he said. \'93I enjoyed your report on Isembard Kingdom Brunel\'92s latest work of engineering. Very insightful.\'94\
Jonathan gaped at Sinews in surprise. Given how few articles Jonathan had written and published, he was astonished that Sinews recognised the deliberately vague pseudonym.\
\'93A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Sinews,\'94 Jonathan managed.\
\'93Please, call me Parson. That is, Parson by name, not profession.\'94\
\'93Then you\'92re not of the religious persuasion?\'94 he queried, with irony enough in his inflection to counter Parson\'92s own.\
Parson seemed charmed by the banter. \'93This gentleman is Henry Charles Ocelot.\'94\
Again, Jonathan looked at him in surprise. To refer to one\'92s doorman as a gentleman was incongruous to say the least. Then again, to judge by Mr. Ocelot\'92s attire, he could have been a gentleman. It was all very strange.\
The introductions apparently over, Mr. Sinews turned on his heels and headed down the hall, Mr. Ocelot gesturing for Jonathan to follow. He took Jonathan\'92s coat, then followed behind Jonathan as they headed into the adjacent room.\
The scale of the gothic-styled household was disorienting in that it made naming each room appropriately near impossible. What might have been a hallway was in Sinews\'92 home an antechamber. A room that was functionally a den was in Sinews\'92 home an atrium. His living room, an amphitheatre.\
As they entered a broad, circular room with a domed ceiling, Jonathan smelt cinnamon and cardamom, and all manner of exotic scents. Incense and candles filled the room with scent and smoke. The floor was littered with huge, plum-colored pillows in Oriental style. On each of the pillows sat a young man or woman. Their faces were drained of color, their eyes bloodshot. They were thin as if starved. They stared out at the world groggily, as if drugged, drained of animation; not one of them looked up as Jonathan and Sinews entered the room, Mr. Ocelot at the rear.\
Jonathan stared at them in alarm. On one occasion, Jonathan\'92s father had tasked him with paying a visit to an opium den for the sake of an article. It had been a lot like this, seedy and dark, its occupants blind to their surroundings. Their only thoughts were of the poppy. But this room unsettled Jonathan in a way the opium den never had. Somehow, an opium den\'97for that must have been what it was\'97in a gentleman\'92s home was more disturbing than the den on a dark street in Chinatown. There, at least, it was somewhat expected. More disturbing still, some of these waifs were very, very young, barely older than children. Jonathan also noted that there were no signs of the opium itself. Jonathan couldn\'92t guess what drug it was they were using, but it was not opium. Jonathan could see puncture wounds on their necks, signs that whatever their poison was, it was taken via injection.\
Sinews said nothing by way of explanation, and merely carried on toward the next room, apparently expecting Jonathan to follow. Mr. Ocelot watched impassively as Jonathan hesitated. He felt compelled to say something by way of protest. He should have stormed out of Sinews\'92 house in moral outrage, refusing to accept the man\'92s help. Instead, he took a few halting steps backwards, then at last let out a long and guilty sigh, and hurried after Sinews.}