{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93I\'92m certain that whoever killed Lord Connor is responsible for unleashing this plague. Therefore, if we can determine who killed Connor, we will have solved both cases,\'94 he said, and Roderick shrugged, though he hardly agreed with that logic.\
If both cases were inextricably linked, he should study both. He sighed.\
Beginning to make his way upstairs and beckoning for Roderick to follow, the inspector continued to explain more fully the details of the telegram he\'92d sent Mr. Steen earlier.\
\'93Lord Connor\'92s study was the last place he was seen alive. Apparently two gentlemen were seen going into Connor\'92s study during the ball. They entered and left separately, but it is assumed they knew each other.\'94\
\'93It is?\'94 said Roderick. \'93Why is that assumed?\'94\
\'93Well, they must have,\'94 said Taggert, obviously thrown by the question. \'93Anyway, as they were both wearing masks, nobody can say for certain who they were. We\'92re continuing to question the survivors in the hope that someone may be able to identify one or both of them. In fact, one survivor, the young lady who made the initial report of what happened here, was able to identify a suspect. She believes she recognised one of the culprits. We\'92ve sent a dozen Black Marias to apprehend the man.\'94\
\'93Splendid,\'94 said Roderick. \'93What else?\'94\
Taggert grinned, knowing that Roderick would love this. \'93The first gentleman went out the window. Had an airship waiting for him.\'94[ This is a little confusing.  First gentleman who entered the room was Mr. Monday, who exited from the door, disguised as Lord Conner.  Then Mr. O left via airship.  Might want to make the statement clearer?]\
\'93A bloody airship?\'94 Roderick replied, \'93And we still don\'92t know who this man was?\'94\
\'93We\'92re still questioning the survivors. I\'92m sure something will turn up, but it\'92s difficult, isn\'92t it? They\'92re shaken up by what happened here, understandably I should add. Anyway, it\'92s the other man we should be concerned with. He left through the ballroom, made quite a scene. Apparently had some sort of confrontation[ Left out the Resurrectionists I see.  I assume he did so on purpose.]. Guns were drawn. That\'92s about when all this happened.\'94 He gestured vaguely to indicate the numerous dead. \'93We think the confrontation was an attempt to stop him.\'94}