{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Detective Taggert guided Roderick through Lord Connor\'92s house. Roderick took in the scene without saying much, simply observing the state of the bodies, trying to put names to some of the faces. Roderick was good with names, and read all the society papers. He recognized a good number of the faces, having once seen their engravings in print.\
\'93And Lord Connor? Where is he?\'94\
Taggert looked at him in mild surprise. He looked around, as if he might suddenly discover the man\'92s body among the others. It seemed that Taggert hadn\'92t even thought to look for the man of the house. To be fair, the detective did have a lot on his plate.\
\'93This was his party. He must be here somewhere,\'94 said Roderick. \'93Have you been through Connor\'92s private apartments yet?\'94\
Taggert admitted that he hadn\'92t, and gestured for a party of officers to join him. With Roderick trailing behind them, they marched upstairs. They found the gate to Connor\'92s private quarters unlocked and opened. They headed through it, each of the policemen opening doors along the side and peering in. Each of the rooms upstairs proved empty, with no sign that anyone had been there, until they reached Connor\'92s study.\
The policemen shared a look of alarm from the very moment they approached the door. It appeared to have been kicked in. The policemen entered the room first.\
Detective Taggert held the door open for Roderick to enter. Roderick had a certain way of entering a room. The bare feet and foppish attire tended to draw attention, but it was really his ego that drew attention. He was, after all, a famous artist, and carried himself accordingly. He couldn\'92t help but be dramatic.\
His eyes swept the room, taking in every detail; even the movement of his eyes was a performance. He stripped off his gloves, fished into his pockets and retrieved a piece of soft candy. He shoved the toffee into his mouth and chewed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://917526B4-FE33-4BA6-8193-EE81C7BEF6B2"}}{\fldrslt thoughtfully}}. The officers looked at him in bewilderment; not all of the police were accustomed to Roderick\'92s eccentricities.\
He {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D462BBA9-7EC3-4CCF-BF15-750AF92CE86A"}}{\fldrslt handed the candy wrapper to a nearby policeman, who seemed at a loss as to what to do with it.}} He turned to Connor\'92s desk, perused the stack of papers atop it, pulled open the drawers, slammed them shut.\
Of Connor\'92s body, there was no sign. So far, the intelligence Jonathan had provided had been outdated, which meant that quite a lot had happened here after Jonathan\'92s timely departure. Connor\'92s body, of course, had been in this room when Jonathan left it. It should have been there still. But Roderick couldn\'92t admit this knowledge to the police without giving away the fact that his friend had been here. He had to come up with the knowledge on his own.\
It was a bit like being asked to show one\'92s work for a math problem after solving the equation in one\'92s head. It was also the opposite of the way Roderick usually worked; he had to work backwards, knowing that Connor\'92s body had been moved, and appear to come to the same conclusion based on the evidence around him. Unfortunately, the evidence was slim. Best to simply throw himself into it with all that he had, he decided.\
\'93Connor died in this room,\'94 he proclaimed. \'93His body must have been moved, probably by the Resurrectionists, perhaps by the Resurrection Man himself.\'94\
Roderick chuckled nervously once he realized that all eyes were suddenly on him.\
Drawing him aside, Taggert said under his breath, \'93Don\'92t you think you\'92re leaping to conclusions? We don\'92t have a body. There\'92s no way you could know that Connor died here, let alone that he was even 
\i in
\i0  the room during the party.\'94\
\'93Perhaps you\'92re right,\'94 Roderick said loudly, for the benefit of the other policemen. Roderick was not to be deterred, and he worked better under pressure. \'93In the absence of a body, I shall defer to the other clues.\'94\
\'93Which are, what precisely?\'94 asked one of the policemen.\
Roderick let out an exaggerated sigh.\
\'93Is yours a practiced stupidity, or does it come naturally to you?\'94 he asked. \'93Very well then. The clues. First, there is the handle of the door, which as I\'92m sure you noticed, had a crimson stain on the handle. On its own, this might be considered quite innocuous; it could be wine or paint, but given that a massacre occurred in this house this very evening, it does 
\i seem 
\i0 a bit ominous, doesn\'92t it?\'94\
The policemen, Taggert included, shifted their focus to the bloodstained door. They took in the splintered wood and the loose hinges.\
\'93There is also the fact that the door has been kicked in\'97you can\'92t have failed to notice 
\i that. 
\i0 Either the killer broke in to Connor\'92s study, or the killer himself was intruded upon while finishing up his work. This seems most likely, as the killer went out the window.\'94\
The police officers turn to the window, then back to Roderick for an explanation: there seemed little to indicate that someone had gone out the window. Roderick glanced at the window, wondering if he\'92d just put his foot in his mouth. After all, he hadn\'92t actually found a clue to back up his version of events. He knew someone had gone out the window, because Jonathan had told him so. He went to the window, and looking it over, improvised.\
\'93The window was opened in a hurry, as any schoolboy could surely tell you. Note the deep grooves in the wood, here. Also consider that it is very chilly this evening. Why would Lord Connor have been working in his study with the window open on such a cold evening?\'94\
The police gaped at Roderick in stupefied silence, their mouths opening and shutting like goldfish.\
\'93Sometimes it is the most innocuous clues that are most telling,\'94 he said to divert them from how very silly his so-called evidence was. Before they had a chance to consider, he soldiered on.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://07AEB41F-9523-4505-9CB1-F6F32F532060"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \'93Next, there is the bullet hole in the ceiling,\'94}} Roderick said. Perhaps he should have begun with that one and left out the bit about the window entirely. The policemen, for their part, seemed very impressed by the bullet hole. He decided, therefore, to focus on that detail. \'93If Connor\'92s guests were murdered with poisonous gas, then why is there a bullet hole in the carpet, and why is his body not among the others? It stands to reason that Connor was not killed in the same manner as his guests.\'94\
Taggert was twirling his moustache, a habit that Roderick was having difficulty ignoring. Roderick turned away in order to regain his concentration. He wasn\'92t sure what to make of this evidence, but just talking about the clues aloud had gotten his brain into gear.\
\'93Why were Connor\'92s guests murdered?\'94 he asked rhetorically, thinking aloud. \'93Was it an attack on the upper class? Or was there a 
\i single target
\i0 , the rest merely collateral damage? Is it possible that the masqueraders were murdered only to cover up another murder?\'94\
Taggert said nothing, but he seemed to be following along well enough. He was nodding thoughtfully, even though Roderick was talking at a dizzying pace.\
\'93There is also the fact that the desk has been moved,\'94 Roderick went on. \'93Note the indentation on the carpet, left by the legs of the desk. We can easily deduce that the desk was moved, likely during a struggle, either between Connor and his killer, or between the killer and whoever broke down the door. Later, the desk was moved back, but it sat there long enough to indent the carpet. The fact that it was moved back seems to suggest that somebody went to some amount of trouble to cover up the evidence. The Resurrection Man has never covered up evidence before, so we can deduce that he did not work alone.\'94\
Roderick paused to reflect on this. It was a revelation to him as well. Sometimes he seemed to speak more quickly than he could think, and occasionally, he managed to surprise even himself with his deductions.\
\'93Here, the carpet is damp. You might not have noticed it, which I suppose can be forgiven, as you\'92re all quite strangely wearing shoes,\'94 he said, regarding their footwear with suspicion. \'93But I assure you, it is quite damp; somebody did a rather remarkable job of washing the blood out of the carpet, but it has not yet completely dried,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://681EBF80-D768-421B-9F35-DC2AFF9F310F"}}{\fldrslt  and it still smells musty, stale, but with a trace of iron}}. It might not be blood, but what else has that telltale metallic scent? Of course, perhaps the most revealing clue is that Connor\'92s safe has been robbed.\'94\
For a moment, nobody spoke. The policemen looked about the room, dumb expressions on their faces. One of the officers stooped over and touched the carpet. He put his nose close to it and sniffed. He nodded, confirming that the carpet was damp and had the blood-like smell of iron.\
\'93His safe?\'94 asked an officer with a distinctive and thoroughly waxed mustache.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Mr. Steen, \'93You failed to notice that as well.\'94\
It wasn\'92t a question. The policemen looked about the room, all of them refusing to meet Mr. Steen\'92s eyes. Silence reigned. Finally, Roderick pointed it out.\
\'93That\'92s a tea trolley,\'94 Mr. Taggert protested.\
\'93Oh, really? In that case, assam.\'94\
Taggert snorted. He marched across the room to the trolley. Which is when he realized that it wasn\'92t a tea trolley at all. Beneath the cart, a locked box had been worked into the design of the furniture. The door was cracked open.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://416EAC8C-A04C-4FF1-94D1-A3521E476C02"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \'93Eat your words, Mr. Taggert,\'94}} said Roderick. A triumphant grin curled up on his face, enjoying the detective\'92s reaction.\
\'93Gloating does not become you, Mr. Steen,\'94 Taggert said flatly.\
Roderick puffed up his chest. It was true, besting Taggert in a battle of wits was a bit like beating an infant at chess, but Roderick was nothing if not fickle.\
Taggert stooped over and pulled the door open. Within the box, a large, steel safe was concealed. Its door too, was cracked open. He swung the door the rest of the way open and peered inside. Empty.\
\'93I don\'92t suppose you know what was in the safe?\'94 asked Mr. Taggert.\
\'93How would I possibly know that?\'94 asked Mr. Steen, incredulous. \'93I\'92m not a psychic.\'94\
\'93Please,\'94 said Taggert. \'93Focus, Mr. Steen. I believe we\'92re just beginning to form a picture of what happened here. Just tell us what you think happened here.\'94\
\'93Very well,\'94 said Roderick. He broke off as an awful sound cut through the silence of the household. The sound of screaming.\
Roderick looked down at the floor, then exchanged a look with the detective. The sound was coming from downstairs. The screams continued, and were joined by the sound of a loud bang and the shattering of glass, as if a very heavy piece of furniture had been knocked over.\
They heard footsteps pounding up the staircase. Taggert went to the door, as somebody called out his name. A young officer appeared in the hallway, clutching his neck as if wounded. Taggert stepped aside to let him into Connor\'92s study.\
\'93The dead,\'94 he stammered, \'93The dead\'85\'94\
\'93Spit it out, boy,\'94 Taggert commanded. \'93What\'92s going on down there?\'94\
The injured officer looked up at the detective, his face pale.\
\'93The dead are waking up.\'94\
With that, he collapsed. As soon as he let go of his wounded neck, a thick puddle of blood spilled onto the floor.\
Roderick stepped back, not wanting to get blood on his feet. He stared at the young man in alarm. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F764545B-3528-4CD6-9668-81708B25E020"}}{\fldrslt The back of the young man\'92s neck had been ripped open and there were what looked like tooth marks in his flesh.}}}