{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan was on his feet in an instant. The conversation quickly died, as a rain-soaked man in a plague doctor\'92s mask shuffled through the doorway and shed his jacket. The temporary lull in conversation was filled with the noise of the masked man wiping his rain-soaked feet on the mat in the doorway, and with the drunken slur of Edward Steen\'92s {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://EDF28011-9126-4350-894F-47F1CB245024"}}{\fldrslt voice}}. Jonathan scanned the Tea House for a back entrance. Had he been followed here, somehow? Had the airship been spotted in the area by the Resurrectionists?\
\'93No, do not be alarmed,\'94 the man protested, seeing Jonathan\'92s cautious expression and the glint of steel at his belt. Jonathan was armed and had taken the precaution of reloading his revolver. \'93I hope you can forgive me for arriving in the mask of our adversary.\'94\
\'93You were at Lord Connor\'92s ball, as well, I presume?\'94 asked Parson.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8D4A84C9-9391-4218-A1E7-F1D0A071C8E0"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \'93I was,\'94 the newcomer admitted, \'93But how did you know?\'94}}\
\'93Lucky guess,\'94 said Sinews.\
\'93I see. Anyway, as I said, I do apologize for any alarm I might have caused, but I simply value my anonymity in this matter, as I am sure you can understand, given the circumstances. I thought it might be fitting to choose a mask like Dr. Allen\'92s own. In my defence, it is in my nature to be overly theatrical. To tell you the truth, though, I believe it is only because I was wearing the mask that I\'92m still alive.\'94\
Not removing his hand from the gun at his belt, Jonathan settled back into his seat, keeping a cautious eye on the newcomer. Perhaps coming here had been a mistake. Or perhaps he too should have thought to wear a mask.\
Pardoning himself for the interruption and for his tardiness, the masked man shook the hand of each of the gentlemen at the table, including Jonathan, who looked into the man\'92s eyes and saw that they were pale and red. What little skin could be seen was white enough to identify him as an albino.\
\'93Again, sorry,\'94 he began, \'93I must have hired half a hundred cabs before I found a driver who would even admit to the existence of this god-forsaken street. Whose idea was it to meet 
\i here
\i0 , of all places?\'94\
\'93No apology necessary,\'94 said Parson. \'93Punctuality is a flaw of character; it requires that responsibilities take precedence over idle pleasures. It should therefore be avoided, whenever possible.\'94\
\'93Mr. Parson Sinews,\'94 Jonathan said, introducing their host. \'93It is by his invitation that we\'92ve convened here.\'94\
\'93A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Sinews,\'94 the mysterious newcomer replied without the necessary inflection to suggest even a modicum of sincerity.\
\'93Please, call me Parson. That is, Parson by name, not profession.\'94\
\'93Then you\'92re not of the religious persuasion?\'94 he queried, with irony enough in his inflection to counter Parson\'92s own.\
Jonathan coughed. \'93Mr. Sinews, as you may know, is the head of this little Committee. And\'85you are?\'94\
\'93Forgive me,\'94 the man replied. \'93Once again, I defer to my preference for anonymity. But so that you have something to call me, I shall offer up a nom de plume. You may think of me as Mr. Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
\'93Mr. Tidkins, what did you mean about the mask being the only reason you\'92re still alive?\'94 asked Jonathan.\
\'93There were Resurrectionists at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade,\'94 he answered. His voice trembled a bit as he spoke, as if disturbed by the memory. \'93I believe they mistook me for one of them. If they hadn\'92t\'85\'94\
\'93Indeed. The Resurrectionists are dangerous. In fact, Mr. Grimmer informs us that a man was murdered at the masquerade. Could it be that the Resurrectionists were behind it?\'94\
\'93Before you arrived, Mr. Sinews was about to address the Committee on the purpose of this meeting, were you not, Mr. Sinews?\'94 said Jonathan, changing the subject. He wasn\'92t sure he still wished to reveal that it was Connor who died this evening, not in front of this anonymous man in the plague mask. \'93Should we get back to business?\'94\
\'93And, Mr. Sinews, for once spare us the gruesome details, if you please. I do hope to be able to keep my dinner,\'94 warned Mrs. Hatton. An age-spotted finger wagged in his direction, though Mrs. Hatton was all smiles. Evidently this was not Mrs. Hatton and Mr. Sinews\'92 first meeting.\
Parson grinned. \'93The world craves the grotesque. Those who pretend otherwise deceive no one but themselves,\'94 he said.\
\'93Very amusing, Mr. Sinews,\'94 said Tidkins.\
\'93I do aim to please,\'94 Parson replied. He paused to accept a refill of his drink. Unlike Mr. Ocelot and Mrs. Hatton, Mr. Sinews was not drinking tea. He and Steen apparently shared Jonathan\'92s preference for absinthe, and they were drinking it quite heavily, and although this was a tea house, and not a bar, their hosts had graciously provided beverages that were not on the menu. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7E42109D-953E-4CC6-B833-B8EDD6E6C3EE"}}{\fldrslt They had also closed the front door and placed a sign in the window, which read \'93Closed For Private Function.\'94}}\
\'93Who was murdered this evening, Jonathan?\'94 said Parson, not to be deterred.\
Jonathan started. To use his name so familiarly when they had only just met! Before he could reply, the newcomer interjected.\
\'93Nearly everyone who had the misfortune of lingering too long at the Connor residence,\'94 he said.\
Jonathan turned to look at the newcomer, but was disappointed to see that the mask hid the man\'92s face. His voice was impassive, but his face might have revealed more. Jonathan thought of Mr. Monday, and wondered if he had escaped unscathed.\
\'93How?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Poison,\'94 he said. \'93Airborne.\'94\
\'93How horrific,\'94 said Mrs. Hatton, fanning herself with a little paper fan as if she might faint. Quite the actress, Jonathan thought. As a journalist, it was important to be able to read people, to get the real story. He didn\'92t believe for an instant that Mrs. Hatton was the sort of woman given to fainting.\
\'93This,\'94 said Parson, hammering home his point upon the table, causing the teacups to rattle. \'93This is why the Resurrectionists must be apprehended.\'94\
Jonathan\'92s mind was still fixed on the mass murder that had taken place at the masquerade. It would not be the first time the Resurrectionists had committed murder, but 
\i nearly everyone who had the misfortune of lingering too long at the Connor residence
\i0 \'85\
This was a departure from their usual modus operandi. The Resurrectionists were supposed to be 
\i scientists
\i0 , and even if some of them were mad, they\'92d never committed murder on such a scale before. What in the hell had Jonathan gotten himself into? 
\i One
\i0  murder had been quite enough already.\
\'93The story takes place here, on Allen\'92s Street,\'94 Parson was saying when Jonathan\'92s mind finally caught up to the conversation, \'93A street so named both for and by the surgeon who was supposed to have practiced here. But forgive me. I\'92m sure you already know this. After all, it is the reason for your interest, is it not?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyes swept over the room. All eyes were fixed on Parson. Even Steen had quieted to listen to him. But Parson, seeing that he had the room, chose not to unburden them of their curiosity. Instead, he managed to change the subject, and Jonathan was forced to return his attention to drinking. The conversation turned instead to another round of introductions, supposedly for Tidkins\'92 benefit, then to small talk, as if this was just another pleasant evening out on the town. By the time the conversation returned to the subject for which Jonathan had come here, he supposed he must be nearly as drunk as Edward Steen.\
\'93Allow me to explain,\'94 Parson said finally. He paused to take the slightest sip from his own glass of absinthe, \'93And please forgive me if I dredge up details with which you are already familiar. This will all go more smoothly if I make the assumption of your ignorance\'85\'94\
A fair assumption, thought Jonathan.\
\'93The truth of Dr. Allen\'92s origins is widely disputed,\'94 he went on. Once more, he paused to take a drink. \'93As Grimmer can surely tell you, most newspapers would have you believe that he was initially hired as a military scientist, charged with the responsibility of creating war-winning soldiers whose very bodies and minds were both chemically and surgically altered.\'94\
This was news to Jonathan. Perhaps his father had known it; if it had been in the papers, he must have.\
\'93This operation was sanctioned by the crown and by the government, but under the direction of the doctor, quickly got out of hand. Supposedly, he began to demand living subjects, and when his superiors refused, he did so without permission. Hundreds of test subjects died to his experiments. He hired a man to bring him subjects, an Irish Giant, who stood at over eight feet tall according to the penny bloods. When the doctor\'92s experiments came to light, he was relieved of his position and sentenced to be tried for his crimes. At this point, he went into hiding, aided by a scientific society that was sympathetic to his situation. The Murder Club. At this point, they were a gentleman\'92s club that catered to the scientific community; after they began harbouring Dr. Allen, of course, they were forced into secrecy. Now, there are certain discrepancies among every report you\'92ll read, but I do not truly believe that Allen\'92s crimes were entirely of his own accord. The truth, as far as I can surmise, is that Dr. Allen was merely a scapegoat.\'94\
\'93You mean the experiments were sanctioned,\'94 Jonathan said.\
\'93Not merely sanctioned,\'94 said Parson, \'93But directed.\'94\
\'93And when the subjects all died\'85\'94\
Parson nodded. \'93They blamed it all on Allen. They needed to hide their mistakes, so they turned him into a bogeyman.\'94}