{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'a0I'll start with my overall likes and dislikes. \'a0I like the idea of zombies in a steampunk/Victorian setting.\'a0 But, given that setting, I was hoping for a more traditional, voodoo kind of zombie.\'a0 Oh well.\'a0 I do like the fact that these zombies will eat animals, as well as humans.\
\
I like the quote at the start of chapter four.\'a0 It can be interpreted a lot of ways. I've always felt that stories that allow the reader to imagine all the scariest bits for themselves are the most frightening.\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 I like the character of Roderick Steen. \'a0Sherlock Holmes-like, without being Sherlock Holmes. \'a0Aware of Holmes, as a fictional character, and disliking him, as well as being compared to him. \'a0However, I found the manner of his introduction in the story to be abrupt and confusing. \'a0I had to read portions of the first part of Chapter Seven over several times before I could decipher exactly who Bailey was, then reread some more before I was convinced that he was not a talking dog.\
\
I like that the reader is shown that, not only are Miss Monday's prostheses clockwork mechanisms, they need to be wound at regular intervals.\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0I like having a book trigger the secret elevator.\'a0 It's a cliche, sure, but it's one of the best. \'a0I've even used it, myself, right down to the clue of the book in question being less dusty.\
\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Now for the things that bothered me, and/or caused me to stop and think, or otherwise interrupted the flow of the story for me. \'a0First off, the abrupt shifting from scene to scene, not only between chapters, but sometimes within them. \'a0I realize this is mostly a personal issue for me, in that I prefer a more linear storyline, or at least clues that the scene is about to change, as in flashbacks, or "Meanwhile, back at the ranch..." types of things.\
\
One of the biggest issues I have is with the fairly large number of anachronistic terms and phrases that were used. \'a0(There was some discussion of this somewhere on Scribbler's Den, at some point.\'a0 The consensus seemed to be that using modern terms in the narrative is fine, but not in the dialog.) \'a0I don't know if this kind of thing is important to you, but it's one of those things that niggles at me.\'a0 Also, I don't know exactly when the story is set, but I get the impression of the first half of the 1890s.\'a0 Here is a list of what I noticed. \'a0I used the Online Etymology Dictionary as my reference. \'a0 Brainwash, Urban Legend, Clone, Frame, Blown Cover, Demographics. \'a0Boffin is a bit iffy, but I'd be inclined to let it go.\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Something a little unclear is the relationship between Edward and Roderick Steen.\'a0 They seem to be father and son, with Edward having worked on the Dr. Allen case at some point.\'a0 Edward is present at the vigilance committee meeting, but later, Roderick says something about his father working on the case until his death.\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0I also found myself losing track of all the names of one of the characters. \'a0Jonathan Grimmer.\'a0 Every time he, or anyone else, reverted to calling him Mr. O. I had to think a bit.\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0The entire last part of the book, after the virus is released, has a rushed and forced feeling to me. \'a0Rushed in that there are a lot of things and characters left to tie together, and it's all being done here.\'a0 Forced in that things like "Jack"'s and Miss Monday's backstories feel like they're being shoehorned in at the last minute. \'a0And suddenly we have people with what I can only call superpowers. \'a0I felt overwhelmed by it all.\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Then there's the fact that the story doesn't actually end. \'a0I'm guessing that's because you plan on a sequel?\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Finally, four last little things, and these may be just me... \'a01) I would have said that Roderick possesses an eidetic, rather than a mimetic, memory.\'a0 2) I thought that hell had circles, not layers. \'a0At least according to Dante. \'a03) I'm not sure what kind of "foam" bricks may have existed in the 1890s, and\'a0 4) As far as I know, hydraulics don't hiss. \'a0They whine, or at least their modern electric pumps do.\'a0 On their own, they might creak, or groan. \'a0I suppose if they ran off of a steam driven pump, they could hiss. \'a0It's a tough call.\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Oh, I guess I didn't say much about the characters themselves, but that's not a strong point of mine.\'a0 But since I mentioned I liked the character of Roderick, I should point out the one I most disliked.\'a0 Mrs. Grimmer. \'a0She seems to be mixed up in things entirely for her own ends, and doesn't care who gets hurt or killed in the process. \'a0Whatever she's up to, I hope it all blows up in her face someday, and she gets blown up along with it.\
}