{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93I thought you said you suspected Dr. Allen,\'94 he said, mouth still full of candy.\
He was looking at Connor\'92s body. It was clear why they thought of Dr. Allen. Lord Connor was standing in the center of the room, a disturbing tableau of grotesquerie. A monstrous automaton of rotting flesh and clockwork, pivoting his animatronic neck with a hiss of steam. His legs, surgically removed after his death, had been replaced with the taxidermic tentacles of an octopus. His arms were his own, but they were in pieces, connected by copper pipes and brass cogs. Beneath his flayed chest, a clock ticked. Roderick rolled his eyes as Connor raised a hand and waved, his movements surprisingly fluid.\
\'93How pedestrian,\'94 he said with a derisive snort.\
\'93We 
\i do 
\i0 suspect Allen,\'94 Taggert protested. \'93Why should we not? This is evidently his handiwork.\'94\
Roderick laughed until it turned into a cough.\
\'93Sorry,\'94 he said, suddenly serious. \'93But no. Did, um\'85Did Connor 
\i say
\i0  anything when you first came across him?\'94\
Taggert looked at one of his officers meaningfully. The man drew out a notepad and stalked over to Taggert\'92s side. He flipped through the notepad, licking his fingers to facilitate the turning of its pages. He stopped when he\'92d found the one he wanted.\
\'93\'91Other friends have flown before; on the morrow he will leave me, as my hopes have flown before.\'92 Then the bird said,\'94 the officer began.\
\'93Nevermore?\'94 said Roderick, not even letting him finish.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said one of the police officers, a moustachioed man who was examining the documents on Connor\'92s desk. \'93It\'92s from The Raven, by Edgar Allen Poe. I recognised it straight away.\'94\
\'93Oh, really?\'94 Roderick said, with exaggerated enthusiasm. \'93Edgar Allen Poe?\'94 he repeated as though it was the first time he\'92d heard the name.\
The policeman nodded, not grasping the sarcasm.\
\'93Right. So, definitely not Dr. Allen\'92s work then, is it?\'94 said Roderick.\
Taggert snorted. \'93And why not?\'94\
\'93Well, for one, it\'92s a bit too obvious, isn\'92t it?\'94 Roderick replied. \'93You 
\i do 
\i0 know that Dr. Allen was a member of the Resurrectionists, don\'92t you?\'94\
\'93Yes, of course.\'94\
\'93And you do know that the crow is their sigil?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Taggert said again.\
\'93So, The Raven?\'94 Roderick said with a laugh. \'93Hardly subtle, is it?\'94\
\'93Since when is Dr. Allen known for his subtlety?\'94 Taggert wanted to know.\
\'93If you had done your research on Dr. Allen, you\'92d know that he is the obsessively compulsive sort of psychopath. Detail oriented to a tee,\'94 Roderick replied.   He pointed at Connor\'92s body. \'93Whoever did this was obviously familiar with Allen\'92s work and had both a surgeon\'92s precision and a talent for engineering. He might even have been a student of Allen\'92s. But this only serves to confirm my suspicions with the Grimmer killing. The engineering is beyond Dr. Allen\'92s skill, while the surgery is below his skill level. Whoever killed Lord Connor is the same man that killed Charles Grimmer. Not Dr. Allen.\'94\
Taggert cringed. That was still a point of contention. Roderick insisted that Charles Grimmer had been killed by an impostor, and refused to listen to reason.\
\'93Mr. Steen,\'94 Taggert began, \'93You are leaping to conclusions. Are we to rule out Dr. Allen as a suspect simply because you think this diorama lacks the artistic integrity of his usual work?\'94}