{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Perhaps you\'92re right. I shall defer to the other clues,\'94 Roderick replied.\
\'93Which are, what precisely?\'94\
Roderick let out an exaggerated sigh.\
\'93Is yours a practiced stupidity, or does it come naturally to you?\'94 he asked. \'93Very well then. The clues. The handle of the door, as I\'92m sure you noticed, had a crimson stain on the handle, which on its own could be considered quite innocuous; it could be wine or paint, to be certain, but it does 
\i seem 
\i0 a bit ominous, doesn\'92t it? There is also the fact that the door has been kicked in\'97you can\'92t have failed to notice 
\i that\'97
\i0 which means that whoever killed Connor was interrupted, hence the hasty exit via the window. The diorama was completed later; it must have been, because the reading of The Raven was set to be played when someone entered the room, was it not? It should therefore have been played the moment the door was broken down, not later, when your officers entered the scene. So, the man who fled via the window was 
\i not 
\i0 the man who created this elaborate display. The second man then? Perhaps. But are we to assume he fled via the window, like the first man, only to then return to the party where he caused a scene and unleashed the plague? Again, perhaps. But we must also consider the gunshot wound in Connor\'92s bloody face. Don\'92t tell me you missed 
\i that
\i0  too. Surely not. So, we know that Connor was not murdered in Allen\'92s typical surgical fashion. He was murdered by gunshot, 
\i then
\i0  the diorama was made; Dr. Allen, as you likely know, conducts his experiments while his subjects are still living. Again, this suggests that the scene was staged, for our benefit, likely 
\i after
\i0  that plague was unleashed downstairs. Perhaps by the second man. Perhaps not. In either case, somebody went to a lot of trouble to ensure that we 
\i believed 
\i0 Dr. Allen was responsible.\'94\
Taggert was twirling his moustache, a habit that Roderick was having difficulty ignoring. He turned away in order to regain his concentration.\
\'93There is also the fact that the desk has been moved,\'94 he said. \'93Note the indentation on the carpet, left by the legs of the desk. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://32916ACD-A2EB-43CB-8307-82EEB85BC37D"}}{\fldrslt If I can trust that your officers have enough sense to have left the crime scene untouched}}, we can deduce that the desk was moved, likely during a struggle, either between Connor and one of the gentlemen, or between the gentlemen themselves. Later, the desk was moved back, but it sat there long enough to indent the carpet. Here, the carpet is damp. You might not have noticed it, which I suppose can be forgiven, as you\'92re all quite strangely wearing shoes. But I assure you, it is quite damp; somebody did a rather remarkable job of washing the blood out of the carpet, but it has not yet completely dried, and it still smells faintly of copper, does it not? Of course, perhaps the most revealing clue is that Connor\'92s safe has been robbed.\'94\
For a moment, nobody spoke. The policemen looked about the room, dumb expressions on their faces, as their eyes followed Mr. Steen\'92s explanation of the clues they\'92d just spent several hours not noticing. One of the officers stooped over and touched the carpet. He put his nose close to it and sniffed. He nodded, confirming that the carpet was damp and had the blood-like smell of copper.\
\'93His safe?\'94 asked the officer with the distinguishing moustache.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Mr. Steen, \'93You failed to notice that as well.\'94\
It wasn\'92t a question. The policemen looked about the room, all of them refusing to meet Mr. Steen\'92s eyes. Silence reigned. Finally, Roderick pointed it out.\
\'93That\'92s a tea trolley,\'94 Mr. Taggert protested.\
\'93Oh, really? In that case, assam.\'94\
Taggert snorted. He marched across the room to the trolley. Which is when he realised that it wasn\'92t a tea trolley at all. Beneath the cart, a locked box had been worked into the design of the furniture. The door was cracked open.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CDB450CB-918B-4990-B93C-085C062A7BFA"}}{\fldrslt \'93Eat your words, Mr. Taggert.\'94}}\
\'93Gloating does not become you, Mr. Steen,\'94 Taggert replied.\
He stooped over and pulled the door open. Within the box, a large, steel safe was concealed. Its door too, was cracked open. He swung the door the rest of the way open and peered inside. Empty.\
\'93I don\'92t suppose you know what was in the safe?\'94 asked Mr. Taggert.\
\'93How would I possibly know that?\'94 asked Mr. Steen, incredulous. \'93I\'92m not a psychic.\'94\
\'93Please,\'94 said Taggert. \'93Focus, Mr. Steen. I believe we\'92re just beginning to form a picture of what happened here. Just tell us what you think happened here.\'94\
\'93Very well,\'94 said Roderick. And this was precisely what he intended to do, before the young officer burst into the room, breathless and sweaty.\
\'93The dead,\'94 he stammered, \'93The dead\'85\'94\
\'93Spit it out, boy,\'94 Taggert commanded.\
The officer looked up at his Inspector, his face pale.\
\'93The dead are waking up.\'94\
With that, he collapsed, spilling blood on the floor.\
Roderick stepped back, not wanting to get blood on his feet. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BE0184D8-01AB-4521-B972-8EC9AC1D2BEF"}}{\fldrslt The back of the young man\'92s neck had been ripped open and there were what looked like tooth marks in his flesh.}}}