{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs28 \cf0 The Penny Dreadful
\i0  was afloat above Hyde Park, looking down from a grey sky upon the deserted park-grounds. Fog roiled across the ground, casting the city in a drab palette. The rain had cleared some time in the morning, but left the thick pea soup fog in its wake. In a way, it was the perfect cover. Working in shifts, the captain and his crew had kept the 
\i Dreadful
\i0  afloat throughout the night, giving Jonathan Grimmer a chance to sleep.\
The 
\i Dreadful
\i0 , kept aloft by a dozen ballonets filled with hydrogen, encased in a long blimp that was torpedo-like in shape. Like an overgrown ornithopter, it had huge leather wings attached to its sides. Propellers lined the ship's gondola, and sails were mounted beneath its underbelly and along its spine. The ship could sleep half a hundred passengers comfortably, not to mention the crew. Jonathan had worried about keeping the ship floating during the rainstorm, but the captain had assured him that unless lightning struck, they would be safe enough.\
If Henry Charles Ocelot was right, and Parson Sinews really was innocent, then the Resurrectionists might still be looking for Jonathan. Even if Sinews 
\i was
\i0  the Resurrection Man, his arrest did not mean that Jonathan was safe. He didn't know for certain that the Resurrectionists' orders came directly from the Resurrection Man. They might continue to come after him, even with Sinews behind bars. They'd seen his face. They might know who he was. They might know where he lived.\
He couldn't hide forever though.\
"Captain," he said.\
There was a brass can in his bedroom, with a thin tube running from the can into the wall. His voice travelled down the tube and\'97with some scientific explanation beyond Jonathan's comprehension\'97reached the captain. He put the can to his ear.\
"Sir?" came Captain Merrick's voice, distorted and tinny through the brass can. It reminded Jonathan of the way voices sounded when played through a gramophone.\
"Take me to the Grimmer Company headquarters, please," he said.\
"Yes, sir."\
He hung the brass can back on its stand, as the ship answered with a groan of straining wood and rope, the grinding of gears, and a blast of steam. The ship lurched and Jonathan stumbled and grasped one of the many railings that lined each room throughout the airship. The ship pressed on and settled into a steady rhythm.\
Jonathan made his way to the lounge and settled into an armchair.\
The lounge was lavish, even by Jonathan\'92s standards. Furnished with antique furniture that was surprisingly comfortable and apparently quite expensive, at least according to Jonathan's mother. There was also a fully stocked bar. But Jonathan rang the bell for tea, deciding it was too early for a drink.\
The tea arrived with a few slices of lemon and a couple of biscuits. Jonathan stirred the lemon into his tea, as he watched the darkness of London pass by through the window. It seemed, from where he sat, that it was the city that was moving and not the airship. The ship was steady enough that his teacup barely rattled as it sat on the table at his side.\
The ship slowed suddenly, announcing they'd reached their destination. Jonathan swallowed the last of his tea, and rose from the armchair.\
\'93Now arriving at Grimmer Company headquarters,\'94 the captain\'92s voice resonated through the ship, coming from the speaking tubes, which wound through the ship, amplified by a set of brass cans like the one in Jonathan\'92s bedchamber.\
Jonathan headed towards the bridge, as the 
\i Dreadful
\i0  began to expel hydrogen, allowing it to lower its altitude. He ducked under a wooden strut and stepped into the noisy engine room. A wave of heat rushed over him. The engineers were busy tending to a wall of complicated machinery and shovelling coal into the furnace, goggles on their faces, drenched in sweat.\
Jonathan hurried past, heading out the opposite door and grasping a railing as the ship jolted suddenly. After a moment, it settled enough that he could continue.\
\'93You there,\'94 he said, getting the attention of one of the crewmen. \'93Your name and rank, please?\'94\
\'93Lockwood, sir. Kipper Lockwood. But most folks call me Kip.\'94 He took off his hat and wiped sweat from his brow. \'93Midshipman, sir.\'94\
Jonathan nodded thoughtfully.\
\'93A pleasure to meet you,\'94 he replied. \'93I\'92m Jonathan Grimmer.\'94\
\'93Oh, I know, sir,\'94 said the young man, a bit enthusiastically. \'93I mean, it bein\'92 your ship an\'92 all, I should \'91ope I would, sir.\'94\
\'93Right, of course,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Of course you would. Listen, Mr. Lockwood-\'94\
\'93Call me Kip, sir.\'94\
\'93Kip, you seem an enthusiastic lad. I wonder if you might be amenable to completing a bit of extra work for me while the ship\'92s aground? I\'92d pay you for it, of course.\'94\
Kip nodded eagerly.\
\'93Yes, sir. Of course, sir,\'94 he said. \'93Only, what sort of work is it, sir?\'94\
\'93A friend of mine was arrested. I need you to find out where he\'92s been taken.\'94\
\'93Sorry to hear about your friend, sir,\'94 Kip replied.\
\'93An acquaintance, really,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93All the same, sir. I\'92ll track \'91im down, notta problem, sir. I\'92ll start wiv Newgate, I s\'92pose.\'94\
\'93Very good. Thank you, Mr. Lockwood,\'94 he said, and corrected himself, \'93Kip.\'94\
He shook the man\'92s hand, and apparently happy to have a bit of extra coin coming in, Kip hurried off through the engine room. Jonathan headed the opposite way, making his way to the front of the ship to disembark.}