{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs28 \cf0 The Penny Dreadful
\i0  was afloat above Hyde Park, looking down from a grey sky upon the deserted parkgrounds. Fog roiled across the ground, casting the city in a drab palette. The rain had cleared some time in the morning, but left the thick peasoup fog in its wake. In a way, it was the perfect cover. Working in shifts, the captain and his crew had kept the 
\i Dreadful
\i0  afloat throughout the night, giving Jonathan Grimmer a chance to sleep.\
The 
\i Dreadful
\i0 , kept aloft by a dozen ballonets filled with hydrogen, encased in a long blimp that was torpedo-like in shape. Like an overgrown ornithopter, it had huge leather wings attached to its sides. Propellers lined the ship's gondola, and sails were mounted beneath its underbelly and along its spine. The ship could sleep half a hundred passengers comfortably, not to mention the crew. Jonathan had worried about keeping the ship floating during the rainstorm, but the captain had assured him that unless lightning struck, they would be safe enough.\
If Henry Charles Ocelot was right, and Parson Sinews really was innocent, then the Resurrectionists might still be looking for Jonathan. Even if Sinews 
\i was
\i0  the Resurrection Man, his arrest did not mean that Jonathan was safe. He didn't know for certain that the Resurrectionists' orders came directly from the Resurrection Man. They might continue to come after him, even with Sinews behind bars. They'd seen his face. They might know who he was. They might know where he lived.\
He couldn't hide forever though.\
"Captain," he said.\
There was a brass can in his bedroom, with a thin tube running from the can into the wall. His voice travelled down the tube and\'97with some scientific explanation beyond Jonathan's comprehension\'97reached the captain. He put the can to his ear.\
"Sir?" came Captain Merrick's voice, distorted and tinny through the brass can. It reminded Jonathan of the way voices sounded when played through a grammophone.\
"Take me to the Grimmer Company headquarters, please," he said.\
"Yes, sir."\
He hung the brass can back on its stand, as the ship answered with a groan of straining wood and rope, the grinding of gears, and a blast of steam. The ship lurched and Jonathan stumbled and grasped one of the many railings that lined each room throughout the airship. The ship pressed on and settled into a steady rhythm.\
Jonathan made his way to the lounge and settled into an armchair.\
The lounge was lavish, even by Jonathan\'92s standards. Furnished with antique furniture that was surprisingly comfortable and apparently quite expensive, at least according to Jonathan's mother. There was also a fully stocked bar. But Jonathan rang the bell for tea, deciding it was too early for a drink.\
The tea arrived with a few slices of lemon and a couple of biscuits. Jonathan stirred the lemon into his tea, as he watched the darkness of London pass by through the window. It seemed, from where he sat, that it was the city that was moving and not the airship. The ship was steady enough that his teacup barely rattled as it sat on the table at his side.\
He fished Lord Connor's letters out of his pocket. He'd read them a dozen times already, but his conversation with Parson Sinews last night had made the details of letters a bit clearer. With a fresh head after a night's rest, he unfolded the first of the letters once more, and let his eyes linger on the words scrawled hastily upon the pages.\

\i "Dear Charles Grimmer," 
\i0 the letter began. This one, signed in Lord Connor's name, was a wedding invitation. Lord Connor and Charles Grimmer had served together in the war, and become close friends. Apparently they had lost touch since the war. "
\i How long has it been since we served together in the war? Some ten years or more, I imagine, but it feels like much longer. A lifetime, really, don\'92t you think?"\

\i0 Connor went on to tell his old friend about the woman he had fallen in love with, and to ask him to attend the wedding. Jonathan wondered if his father had accepted the invitation. He supposed he would never know. He set the letter aside and unfolded the second. Though the penmanship was the same, it was difficult to recognise that its author was the same as the first, so different was the subject and the tone.\
Using the alias Francis Varney, Connor had written to Charles Grimmer in his capacity as editor of the Weekly Gazette. Connor's wife, Marianne Connor, had been murdered. The Weekly Gazette had reported on it. But rather than acknowledging his loss, rather than reaching out to an old friend, Connor attacked Charles Grimmer for failing to understand why Lady Connor had died.\

\i "But Mrs. Connor\'92s death was not murder. It was not gruesome, heinous, violent, or criminal," 
\i0 Connor raved. "
\i Anthony Tidkins' vindication is in the hands of the papers alone, and so it falls to me to explain this to you. The difference between vile murder and scientific study."
\i0 \
Jonathan felt sick as Connor went on to describe the Resurrection Man's experiments. He seemed to believe that the Resurrection Man's actions, in spite of their brutality, were justified because of the importance of his work. His aim was to bring back the dead. He believed he could find a way to cheat death.\
Jonathan thought of what he'd learned from Parson Sinews last night. Anthony Tidkins' experiments had been funded by the military. The military had actually believed he would triumph over death. Connor had believed the same. He'd believed it so adamantly that he'd even defended his own wife's death based on the possible benefits of the Resurrection Man's work. What if, even after going into hiding amongst the Resurrectionists, Anthony Tidkins had never stopped his vile experiments?\
Jonathan folded the second letter shut and picked up his cup of tea as if to take a sip. He let the cup linger at his lips, deep in thought. It was astonishing how drastically Lord Connor\'92s outlook had changed between writing the first and the second letter. It was as if he\'92d become a different person, Dr. Jekyll turned Mr. Hyde. Most disturbing was his indifference to the murder of his own wife. The joy that Marianne Connor had brought him, described in the first letter, was replaced with a dehumanizing interest in Anthony Tidkins' scientific pursuits.\
It was strange that Connor\'97Francis Varney\'97had written to the Grimmer Company. The letter must have been written 
\i after
\i0  the Resurrection Man went into hiding. Why write to the newspaper when they were meant to be operating in secret?\
\
\
 Suppose, rather than quietly abandoning his work as he went into hiding, the Resurrection Man had actually progressed with his work?\
Jonathan was treading on dangerous territory now, but he wondered\'85what if the military was still funding Tidkins' operation?\
\
\
\
The ship slowed suddenly, announcing they'd reached their destination. Jonathan swallowed the last of his tea, and rose from the armchair.}