{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
20, 21 or 22, entitle it \'93First Pinch Point.\'94\
Prior to the Pinch Point, and after the first plot point, the protagonist is in "reaction mode." The character has just emerged from the dramatic events of the First Plot Point at the end of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/secrets-of-story-structure-pt-3-first/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 First Act}}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/5-misconceptions-storys-normal-world/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 His world has completely changed}}, whether positively or negatively, and he is scrambling to\'a0keep up with events. He\'92s in reaction mode. He is aggressively pursuing his main story goal, but he doesn\'92t quite have his feet under him. He\'92s scrambling to understand the obstacles that are being thrown in his way by the antagonistic force, and there is\'a0
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a lot
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 he doesn\'92t understand\'96about himself, about his goal, about the antagonistic force, and about the nature of the conflict itself.\
There is a crisis. He steps in with great intentions to \'91take charge\'92. However, he\'92s ill equipped so the problems continue and/or get worse, but each time he confronts them, he becomes more skillful, until he is ready for his biggest challenge.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Halfway through the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/secrets-of-story-structure-pt-6-first/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 First Half of the Second Act}} comes the First Pinch Point. This may be a major scene or a small moment, but it\'a0
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
must
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 be a moment that causes the protagonist to feel the \'93pinch\'94 of the antagonistic force.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the protagonist's goals? How are they stymied by the antagonist?}