{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/secrets-of-story-structure-pt-3-first/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The First Act}}
\f0\b\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The\'a0first 20-25% of the book comprises your setup. At first glance, this can seem\'a0like a tremendous chunk of story to devote to introductions, but if you expect\'a0readers to stick with you throughout the story, you first have to give them a\'a0reason to care.\
\
In Dead London:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li357\fi-24
\cf3 Annabel tries to steal something from Lord Connor\'92s safe, only to have it later stolen by the Resurrectionists. Jonathan believes Lord Connor 
\i was
\i0  a Resurrectionist and attends his party, hoping to question him, only to find him dead.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/secrets-of-story-structure-pt-2-hook/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Hook}}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The hook comes in many forms, but stripped down to its lowest common denominator, the hook is nothing more or less than a question. We\'92ve\'a0created a hook only when we\'92ve convinced readers to ask the general question, \'93What\'92s\'a0going to happen?\'94 because we\'92ve also convinced them to ask a more specific\'a0question, such as \'93What scary reptilian monster killed the worker?\'94\
\
In Dead London:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li344\fi-4
\cf3 What did Annabel steal from Lord Connor? Who infected him with the zombie virus?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/secrets-of-story-structure-pt-4-first/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The First Plot Point}}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The first major plot point changes everything. But this isn\'92t just an event that 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 happens 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 to the protagonist. This is an event that either incorporates or is directly followed by the character\'92s 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 reacting 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 in a strong and irrevocable way. This is the point of no return for the major character; after this, they can no longer return to life as they know it.\
\
In Dead London:\
\pard\tx349\pardeftab720\li365\fi-42
\cf3 Jonathan learns that his father was murdered by the Resurrectionists and that they intend to destroy London with the Lazarus Virus.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/secrets-of-story-structure-pt-6-first/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The First Half of the Second Act}}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 This first half of the\'a0second act is where your characters find the time and space to 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 react
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  to the first major plot point. That reaction, which will lead\'a0to another reaction and another and another, launches your second act.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/secrets-of-story-structure-pt-7/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Midpoint}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
This\'a0is where everything changes for the protagonist. This all-important turning point in the Second Act provides him\'a0with a new understanding of the conflict, the antagonistic force, and his own goals in relation to them. Suddenly, he\'a0
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 gets it
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 .\
}