{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/secrets-of-story-structure-pt-5/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Inciting Event and Key Event}}
\f0\b\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The first quarter of your story hinges upon two important\'a0and irreversible moments: the inciting event and the key event. These events can take place at any number of the structure\'a0points. \'93The 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 inciting incident
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'85 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 sets the\'a0story in motion 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'85 [while] the 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 key incident 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 [is]\'a0
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 what the story is about
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 , and draws\'a0the main character into the story line.\'94 The key event is the moment when the character becomes 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 engaged
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  by the inciting event. For example,\'a0in most detective stories, the inciting event (the crime) takes place apart\'a0from the main character, who doesn\'92t become involved with it until the key event,\
when he takes on the case. Generally, we find two schools of thought on the proper\'a0location for the inciting event. Either it\'92s supposed to be found in the hook in the\'a0first chapter, no exceptions, or it\'92s supposed to be the first plot point at\'a0the 25% mark, no exceptions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/what-are-pinch-points-and-how-can-they-make-your-book-easier-to-write/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Pinch Point}}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 At their most basic level, Pinch Points are nothing more or less than {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jenniferblanchard.net/pinch-points/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 a reminder of the antagonistic force\'92s power }}to stymie the protagonist\'92s goal. They provide new information to the plot that begins setting up the major events in the Midpoint and Third Plot Point. They also act as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/story-structure-creates-foreshadowing/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 important foreshadowing}} for the confrontations that will play out during these Plot Points and during the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.helpingwritersbecomeauthors.com/secrets-of-story-structure-pt-10-climax/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Climax}}.\
}