{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93You think I\'92ll make it so easy for you?\'94 Parson Sinews shouted back.\
The sleet and fog blurred Jonathan\'92s vision. He couldn\'92t be entirely sure what he was seeing, but Sinews was a blur of motion, in one place one moment, in another the next. The policemen opened fire, the gunshots echoing along the empty street, but Sinews was too quick.\
Jonathan\'92s breath escaped him as a policeman flew ten feet into the air and landed hard upon the pavement, unmoving. He hadn\'92t even seen Sinews hit him, but he must have been hit hard.\
Another officer cried out, and a cloud of blood shot out of his neck like perfume from a bottle. His body fell to the gutter, and Sinews practically flew from him to the next man, a blur of motion and surgical precision. More blood hit the gutter. Necks snapped.\
Jonathan remembered what Sinews had said about the absinthe: if he thought that absinthe didn\'92t cause hallucinations, he was drinking the wrong kind of absinthe. Was he hallucinating? Sinews seemed to be everywhere at once, a trail of ghost images where he had been a tenth of a second before.\
There were bullets flying, and as fast as Sinews appeared to be, even he couldn\'92t outpace bullets.\
Blood painted the street crimson, and suddenly, there was Parson Sinews again, no longer a blur of motion. Just a crumpled form on the ground, heavily wounded. Drenched in his own blood, Jonathan could hear him 
\i laughing
\i0 , and suddenly he was sure he was hallucinating.\
Sinews carried on laughing, even as the remaining policemen cuffed Sinews and carted him off into a black maria. In a few moments, they had rounded up their dead and wounded and were off again.\
The street was empty, save for Jonathan and Mr. Ocelot. Stunned into silence by what he\'92d just witnessed, he wandered out of his hiding place and came to a halt on the sidewalk. Blood ran along the cobbles, the rain washing the streets clean, red lines spreading out like veins. In a matter of moments, the street was washed clean, and any evidence of what had just happened was gone.\
\'93You still think your friend is innocent?\'94 Jonathan asked. His version of events might have been colored by hallucinations, but he was sure that Sinews had indeed been arrested.\
Ocelot\'92s massive shoulders heaved in a sigh, confirming this.\
\'93Believe it or not, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said. \'93Yes. I do still believe Mr. Sinews is innocent in this.\'94}