{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A few minutes later, the horse let out a huff of exertion as it cantered up a winding, gravel driveway. The entrance to the driveway was marked by a wooden sign, which hung smartly from a tall signpost, set between two tall statues of horses. 
\i Grimmer and Sons Printing Company
\i0 ,
\i  
\i0 the sign read in a plain font carved into the wood.\
Annabel had chosen to follow her hunch. She knew that the Grimmer company owned several newspapers, as well as a number of imprints for penny bloods, society papers, and magazines, a number of which had their own offices. This was the company\'92s head office, and it was here, she suspected, that she would be most likely to find Mr. O.\
She thought of what he\'92d been wearing at Connor\'92s ball\'97a well-tailored suit in the latest fashion. She considered his manners, and the fact that he had received an invitation to Connor\'92s ball in the first place. She thought of his airship. That he had been entrusted with the company airship suggested he held one of the top positions at the company. He was someone important, then. In all likelihood, therefore, he worked at the head office. It was possible he was one of the heads of the newspapers, which would mean that he probably worked at one of the smaller offices. But she figured this was still the best place to start looking.\
She hopped out of the hansom, paid the driver, and sauntered up the driveway. The Grimmer Company building was a broad, stern-looking building, all geometric lines and rigid, unshakeable brick. A broad staircase of white marble led to the front door. Annabel noticed a couple of tall, rectangular windows, which looked out onto the wide courtyard. She could see the printing company's employees working at typewriters and hauling stacks of books and newspapers through the windows. She wondered if she might spot Mr. O just by looking through the window.\
She straightened out her dress, feeling suddenly self-conscious, having worn one of her best dresses for the visit. Annabel had a number of aliases aside from Miss Monday\'97including, of course, Mr. Monday\'97but she'd chosen to stick with her usual persona for this occasion. It would be odd for a woman of a lower class than Mr. O to inquire after him, but for the well-to-do Miss Monday, it should be somewhat acceptable. She should have a chaperone, but Annabel wasn't terribly concerned about gossip.\
She climbed the stairs and let herself in the front door.}