{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Henry Charles\'92 words rang in Jonathan\'92s ears. 
\i We\'92re too late.\

\i0 The creature standing before Jonathan was one of the zombies Parson Sinews had spoken of, a product of the 
\i Dead London
\i0  
\i Project
\i0 . The Resurrectionists had succeeded. They had brought the dead to life.
\i \

\i0 The big Haitian was first to react. Jonathan just stared blankly, watching in fascinated horror as the zombie got to its feet. It was growling at him, spit running down its chin like a rabid dog. Suddenly, it went quiet.\
It lunged, snapping its teeth at Jonathan\'92s neck. Henry Charles moved, blindingly quick, slamming his fist into the side of the zombie\'92s skull. The creature hit the ground hard. Jonathan\'92s heart pounded; if Henry Charles hadn\'92t intervened, the zombie would have torn into his throat with its teeth.\
The creature didn\'92t stay down long. Almost immediately, it staggered to its feet, undeterred. Again, it tried for Jonathan\'92s neck again. This time, Jonathan snapped into action. He grabbed the zombie by the cuffs of its shirt, keeping its snapping teeth at bay. He shoved the zombie away from him, causing it to stagger back. Then he drew his pistol.\
He aimed it at the zombie.\
\'93Stop right there,\'94 he warned. \'93We\'92re trying to 
\i help
\i0  you.\'94\
Again, the zombie staggered forward. Jonathan stepped back and cocked the pistol. \'93Step back or I will shoot!\'94\
The zombie snarled and continued toward him. Jonathan looked at Ocelot.\
\'93Shoot him,\'94 Ocelot urged.\
Jonathan hesitated.\
\'93He\'92s just disoriented. He needs our help.\'94\
Ocelot snorted. \'93There is no helping him, Mr. Grimmer. He is a dead man walking.\'94\
Again, the zombie lurched toward Jonathan, this time trying to grab hold of him with rotten hands. Ocelot hit the creature again, hard, this time striking at the base of the zombie\'92s skull. Blood spilled as the zombie hit the pavement. Ocelot wiped his hand on his coat, leaving a trail of blood and brain.\
This time, the zombie didn\'92t get up.\
\'93You killed him,\'94 Jonathan said, breathless.\
\'93He would have killed you,\'94 Ocelot told him.\
\'93He was 
\i sick
\i0 ,\'94 Jonathan said.\
Ocelot looked up at Jonathan\'92s airship, then back at Jonathan. \'93Yes, Mr. Grimmer. He was sick. And I don\'92t think you\'92d want to catch what he\'92s got. If he\'92d managed to bite you\'85\'94\
Jonathan sighed. \'93You\'92re right,\'94 he admitted at last.\
\'93Get to your airship, Mr. Grimmer. Get out of the city if you can.\'94\
Not a bad idea. In fact, there was nothing Jonathan would have liked to do more than to climb back to the safety of his airship, pour himself another glass of absinthe, and set off for Paris, or Madrid, or 
\i anywhere
\i0  just to get out of this god-forsaken city. The 
\i old
\i0  Jonathan would have done exactly that. But 
\i this
\i0  Jonathan? 
\i This
\i0  Jonathan had a responsibility to this city.\
There were probably only a handful of people who knew about the Lazarus Virus\'97what it was, why people had been infected with it, and how. He was also among the few who knew who was responsible. The Resurrection Man, who he believed was still at large in spite of Parson Sinews\'92 arrest. Not only that, Jonathan had only just learned that the Resurrectionists had probably killed his father. He couldn\'92t leave. Not now.  Not with so much at stake. He needed to find the Resurrectionists. Solomon Grundy. Mr. Hyde. Anthony Tidkins. They had unleashed this 
\i experiment
\i0 . Perhaps they could put an end to it. And if not, at least they could be brought to justice for their crimes.\
\'93You should come with me,\'94 he said.\
\'93I need to find Mr. Sinews,\'94 Ocelot replied.\
\'93Right. Well, I suppose you would. Take care, Mr. Ocelot.\'94\
He signaled to the airship, and started off as the crew lowered the rope ladder.\
\'93You too, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 Ocelot called.\
Without looking back, Jonathan grabbed a hold of the first rung of the ladder, and without a word, he began to climb.}