{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Take the next left,\'94 Annabel told the driver.\
They were driving at a breakneck pace, the horses barely controlled as the driver urged them down the narrow street. On both sides of the road, the dead tore into human flesh, eating noisily and single-mindedly. As the hackney approached, some of the dead looked up from their meals, mouths dripping blood. Then they either returned to their meals or joined their brethren in the chase. An army of zombies staggered after horse and carriage.\
Annabel spotted a pair of eyes looking at her from a shop window\'97the eyes of a living person\'97but they couldn\'92t afford to stop and help.\
The dead weren\'92t quick enough to catch them, but Annabel feared the cab would lose control and topple over. Then it would all be over. Annabel would sooner put a bullet in her own head than be a meal for zombies. She hoped that it wouldn\'92t come to that, but the horses were panicked. They were surrounded on all sides by predators, which drove them to greater and greater speeds. They would never make the turn at this speed.\
\'93Whoa!\'94 the driver called, pulling desperately at the reins.\
The horses screamed and galloped on, heedless of their master. Meanwhile, the dead turned their heads as one, distracted from their meals by the racket. Annabel held on to the seat cushions as the cab rattled hard. It hadn\'92t been built for these speeds.\
\'93Left!\'94 Annabel called again.\
They 
\i had
\i0  to make this turn. Ahead, the road led into the heart of London. They needed to stay in London\'92s outskirts. If they made it into the more densely populated areas, the roads would be too crowded. There would be nowhere to run if they came across zombies. Crowded streets meant death.\
\'93Make the turn!\'94 she shouted.\
The driver answered with the crack of his whip. Annabel felt the left side of the carriage actually lift off its wheels. It rattled and shook, threatening to topple onto its side as they tried to make the turn. They were going way too fast. They were going to crash.\
Annabel leaned hard to one side. It was all she could do to balance the carriage. The wheels on the left side hit the pavement again, but only for a second. Then they lifted off again so they were only on two wheels, leaning hard to one side. The wheels screamed, grinding against the cobblestones.\
Annabel braced herself for the crash. She held her breath and waited.\
At last, they rattled around the corner. The wheels slammed back onto the road, kicking a few screws out of place. Miraculously, the carriage stayed upright. The cab strained against the pressure brought on by the breakneck pace, but it held.\
\'93Nearly there, Miss,\'94 the driver called.\
She reminded herself to give him a generous tip. He had earned it. She just hoped there were no zombies where she was going.}