{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The horse let out a huff of exertion as it cantered up a winding, gravel driveway. The entrance to the driveway was marked by a wooden sign, which hung smartly from a tall signpost, set between two tall statues of horses. 
\i Grimmer and Sons Publishing Inc
\i0 ,
\i  
\i0 the sign read in a plain font carved into the wood.\
Annabel was relieved to learn that the zombies weren\'92t as widespread as she\'92d first feared. Some areas of the city were overrun, while other places still remained utterly untouched. Fortunately, the Grimmer Company was in a part of the city that had not yet been ravaged by the living dead.\
Annabel had chosen to follow a hunch. She knew that the Grimmer company owned several newspapers, as well as a number of imprints for penny bloods, society papers, and magazines. Many of these newspapers and imprints had their own offices. This was the company\'92s head office, and it was here, she suspected, that she would be most likely to find the mysterious Mr. O.\
She thought of what he\'92d been wearing at Connor\'92s ball\'97a well-tailored suit in the latest fashion. She considered his manners, and the fact that he had received an invitation to Lord Connor\'92s ball in the first place. She thought of his airship. That he had been entrusted with the company airship suggested he held one of the top positions at the company. He was someone important, then. In all likelihood, therefore, he worked at the head office. It was possible he was one of the heads of the newspapers, which would mean that he probably worked at one of the smaller offices, and not here. Still, this was her best bet.\
She hopped out of the hackney, paid the driver generously, and marched up the driveway. The Grimmer Company building was a broad, stern-looking building, all geometric lines and rigid, unshakeable brick. A broad staircase of white marble led to the front door. Annabel noticed a couple of tall, rectangular windows, which looked out onto the wide courtyard. Through the windows, she could make out the bustling workers hauling stacks of paper, working at typewriters, and operating the printing machines. She thought of the little boy in her neighbourhood, peddling papers in the zombie-infested streets. This would be a busy day for the newspaper company.\
Annabel straightened out her dress, feeling suddenly self-conscious. She had worn her best for the visit. An ivory and olive corset imported from France, silk gloves trimmed with lace, an ivory blouse, and a jet black twill jacket with a shawl collar trimmed with lace ruffles. Too many ruffles, by Annabel\'92s estimation. She wore silk riding skirt\'97not that she expected to ride, but she felt that a divided skirt afforded her more maneuverability than a traditional skirt\'97and as usual, a gun belt, hidden from view. Annabel had a number of aliases aside from Miss Monday\'97including, of course, 
\i Mr.
\i0  Monday\'97but she\'92d chosen to stick with the persona of a high society belle for this occasion. It would have been odd for a woman of a lower class than Mr. O to inquire after him, but for the well-to-do Miss Monday, it might be somewhat acceptable. She should have had a chaperone, but on a day like today, a lady without a chaperone hardly counted as gossip. She doubted it would even raise an eyebrow. Still, she felt more than a bit overdressed as she climbed the stairs and let herself in the front door.}