{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A murder of crows wheeled overhead, a hundred raucous voices cawing noisily. Roderick had never seen so many crows in one place. They circled gracefully, black shadows against a grey backdrop, and perched on trees and archways. One of them swooped down and tried to land on one of the zombies, whose clumsy fists caused the bird to retreat to the prison roof.\
The prison stood at the corner of Newgate and Old Bailey. It originally served as a gate in the Roman wall, but had served as a prison now for centuries. It had been expanded and rebuilt over the years. Now, it was built around a central courtyard, an awful building of heavy bricks and few windows. Its walls were reinforced with iron. Blatant symbols of imprisonment were carved into the bricks around each door and window: chains, shackles, the scales of justice. A crow perched on the ledge above one of the windows. The towers of St. Paul\'92s loomed in the distance.\
Roderick sized it up, and shared a look with Detective Inspector Taggert and Mr. Hargrave. There was no time to hesitate. They had encountered hundreds of zombies on their way here. They were out of breath. There were zombies trailing behind them. Ahead, there were even more. They had nowhere to go but the prison.\
Only a few zombies stood by the door to the prison. Roderick raised his letter opener, but Taggert stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.\
\'93I\'92ll do it,\'94 he said, and headed over to clear the path to the front door.\
A few quick blows to their skulls, and the zombies hit the ground and lay motionless. There was a flurry of wings as crows took flight and circled over the corpses.\
\'93You\'92re becoming quite efficient, Detective Inspector,\'94 said Roderick, heading after him.\
Taggert snorted. \'93If I didn\'92t know better, Mr. Steen, I\'92d say that sounded a bit like praise.\'94\
\'93Don\'92t read into it,\'94 Roderick said, giving him a wink.\
Hargrave taking up the rear, they headed into the infamous prison, a few zombies trailing distantly behind them. Hargrave shut the door.\
The prison was lit by gas. Its stark walls of brick seemed to swallow up the light, so the halls were dark and bare. Roderick had half expected to be greeted by a guard upon entering the prison, somehow feeling that the great brick building was impenetrable and unsusceptible to the zombie plague. That feeling was gone now.\
They found what was left of the guard within moments. Gore and blood stained the walls behind him. His organs spilled out of his body and onto the floor. Somehow he had been decapitated. There were rough bite marks along his neck. Inspector Taggert appeared to be having trouble keeping his lunch down.\
Roderick shrugged. He was getting over his squeamishness rather quickly. He felt, rather pragmatically, that he had seen much worse on the way here. Roderick could be hysterical when there was just cause, and a decapitated prison guard certainly qualified, but someone needed to keep it together.\
Other than the remains of a single guard, the hallways was deserted. He motioned for the officers to follow him, offering a handkerchief to Taggert, who used it to wipe the bile from his chin.\
\'93It should be easy to find Mr. Sinews,\'94 he whispered. \'93I understand the prison is divided into common and state sections?\'94\
\'93That\'92s right,\'94 Taggert confirmed.\
\'93Then we\'92ll find him in the state section.\'94\
\'93Why are we whispering?\'94 Taggert whispered back.\
\'93Because I don\'92t want the dead to hear me,\'94 Roderick replied.\
\'93Do you think there are more of them in here?\'94 Hargrave asked.\
Roderick paused a moment to look back at the ravaged prison guard, and gave a meaningful nod to Hargrave and Taggert.\
\'93I don\'92t think he chewed his own head off,\'94 Roderick answered. \'93Do you?\'94}