{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 "I got an aerial view of the aftermath of the violence," Jonathan told her. "It seems concentrated in specific parts of the city."\
Mrs. Thomspon nodded. "That would be consistent with out reports. We have a number of journalists in the field. We're beginning to form a pretty clear picture of the situation."\
She grabbed a map off her desk and showed it to Jonathan. A few green blots on the paper showed the locations of each of the reporters. The areas affected by the sudden outbursts of violence were coloured red. It was much like the picture Jonathan had gotten from above. He looked to Lincoln's Inn Fields, where Connor's ball had taken place, and saw that it was filled in with red.\
"Lord Connor's?" he asked.\
Mrs. Thompson nodded.\
"Our earliest reports came from that area," she said, pointing to the spot on the map. "Our journalists couldn't get in close enough to get a clear report, without putting their own lives at risk. As far as we know, the police visited the Connor residence. The house was filled with dead bodies, many of them bludgeoned to death by the police themselves."\
Jonathan blinked at her in surprise.\
\'93I was at Connor's ball last night,\'94 he told her. \'93This must have happened after I left,\'94 he said, scarcely able to believe what he was hearing.\
He thought of Roderick, who had gone to Connor\'92s to investigate Connor\'92s death. Instead, he would find a house filled with corpses. He shuddered, and thought of Mr. Monday, the thief he\'92d met in Connor\'92s study. He wondered if Monday had gotten out alive.}