{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Although the zombies of Newgate were locked in their cells, Roderick continued to proceed with caution. He peered into each windowed cell with the vague hope that the prisoner inside might still be alive, and each time, he was disappointed. He peered into face after face, and saw greyed and blackened flesh, tight, drawn skin, and hungry, dead eyes. Many of the creatures had fetid sores that leaked pus and thick, black blood.\
Others had subtler signs of their symptoms \'97 dry, flaking skin that could almost have passed for a sunburn, mild discoloration around the eyes, or stiffness in their movements. In these cases, it took Roderick a few moments to determine whether or not they were afflicted.\
At each cell door, his anxiety continued to increase. It didn\'92t feel safe being among this many of the zombies, even with them in captivity. On one occasion, he peered into a cell and found it empty. He was about to open the door and have a look inside, when suddenly the horrid face of an unliving creature loomed in front of him, behind a pane of glass but only inches away. His heart pounded like mad, and Roderick\'92s breath caught in his throat. The creature must have been slumped against the door, just out of Roderick\'92s view. He shivered, suddenly feeling the cold of the stone floor on his bare feet.\
\'93Let\'92s hurry up and get this over with,\'94 he said, hand against his racing heart. \'93The sooner we find Sinews, the sooner we can get out of here.\'94\
Taggert nodded in agreement, twirling his mustache, a nervous habit Roderick had caught him at often lately.\
\'93When we find him\'97\'94 Taggert began. He paused to check the next cell, and recoiled when he found its occupant. \'93Do you think he\'92ll still be alive? Or do you think this whole bloody prison is infected?\'94\
\'93I\'92ve no idea,\'94 Roderick said. \'93The virus can be distributed using infectious gas; we know that from the incident at Lord Connor\'92s. But we don\'92t know how far this gas is able to spread. Perhaps one of those mechanical birds was sent into the prision, or somewhere nearby. If this plague is airborne, even breathing is dangerous.\'94\
\'93Then how do we know we won\'92t be infected just by being here?\'94 Taggert asked, checking the next cell.\
\'93We don\'92t,\'94 Roderick replied. He sniffed. \'93And to be frank, we don\'92t know that your officers managed to get Sinews here safely. They might be digesting in the belly of a zombie as we speak. Or they might be zombies themselves, and be prowling the streets in search of human brains to consume.\'94\
\'93Brains?\'94 Hargrave repeated.\
\'93Or kidneys, intestines, livers. I\'92m not sure the dead are picky eaters. Anyway, until we\'92ve checked every last cell, we won\'92t know for sure.\'94\
\'93We could check the log book,\'94 said Hargrave, as he took his turn to peer into another cell.\
\'93Beg your pardon?\'94 said Roderick.\
\'93He\'92s right,\'94 Taggert said, \'93The prison has records of its inmates. We can use that to determine where Mr. Sinews is being held.\'94\
\'93Of course!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, \'93I\'92m an idiot! Why didn\'92t I think of that? I suppose we\'92ll have to double back, then?\'94\
Taggert nodded, and gestured for Roderick and Mr. Hargrave to follow him, as he took the lead this time.\
\'93And don\'92t be too hard on yourself. You\'92re under a great deal of\'97\'94\
He broke off suddenly, as he rounded the corner.\
\'93Taggert?\'94 Hargrave headed around the corner after him, then suddenly drew back.\
\'93What is it?\'94 asked Roderick.\
\'93Back! Back!\'94 cried Hargrave, turning around and urging Roderick to run.\
Behind him, Roderick could now see Detective Inspector Taggert. He was pale, his eyes wide, his hand clamped on his throat. Roderick could see blood spilling out of it. Not half a moment later, the zombies leapt upon him with surprising agility, a speed brought on by the prospect of fresh blood.\
They tore into him, tearing chunks of meat from his body, using only their teeth and fingernails. They bit into his flesh, teeth crunching sickeningly, and slurped up blood from his wounds until it stained their faces red. His intestines slopped onto the floor, steaming and hot. The zombies grabbed lengths of his intestines as if they were links of sausages, and bit into them, squirting hot juice into their mouths.\
Taggert\'92s screams were pitiful, but there was nothing Roderick or Hargrave could do. If they didn\'92t run, they would be next. Hargrave had already pushed past Roderick, and was tearing down the hallway. Roderick sprinted after him. He spared a glance over his shoulder. Taggert was slumped over, either dead or passed out from the pain. For his sake, Roderick hoped he was dead.\
Roderick raced after Hargrave, almost tripping over his own feet as he glanced over his shoulder and saw what the zombies had done to Inspector Taggert. He regained his balance, hands pounding against the wall to stop himself from falling. His lungs aching, heart pounding, he tore down the hall. His bare feet slapped against bare floor, echoed and reverberated against granite walls. Drowning out the sound of his footsteps and labored breathing, the zombies howled and moaned like starved wolves. The stench of rot filled Roderick\'92s lungs as he sucked in breath after breath of stale air, fear overcoming exhaustion as he tore down the long hallway.\
Along the way, dead prisoners thrust their hands through the bars of their cells, grasping at Hargrave and Roderick. The ones that were out of their cells, some of them inmates, some of them prison staff, staggered after.\
\'93This way,\'94 Hargrave called, rounding a corner at the end of the hall.\
He went up a flight of stairs, Roderick following as quickly as he could manage. His lungs burned, his mortal fear of exercise out-won by a more driving fear\'97that he would be eaten alive, or ravaged by cold, dead hands\'97or worse still, that he would be bitten and infected. The thought of becoming one of them was sickening. The thought of his rational mind turning to predatory instinct and the desire to eat human flesh. Desperate, his feet hammered up the staircase, up two flights of steps.\
The snarling, slavering dead were only seconds behind him. If he stumbled now, they would have him in a moment. They were clumsy on the stairs. Some of them, their limbs stiffened by rigor mortis, staggered and fell. Those with flesh softened to mush by rot, limbs blackened and decaying, failed too. But the rest climbed over them, agile and quick, the infection still in its early stages. Roderick didn\'92t dare look back. All he could do was climb. Adrenaline and fear filled him with the energy to keep climbing.\
As Roderick reached the top flight of steps, he caught sight of Hargrave, tearing down the hallway like the hounds of hell were after him. Roderick mounted the few final steps, zombies grasping at his heels, and panted for breath. Their clumsy swipes missed his ankles by inches at best.\
He spun around, drawing his letter opener. The closest zombie was a prison guard, black veins running through grey and flaking skin, a crisp uniform spattered with blood. Roderick seized him by the shoulder for leverage, and thrust the letter opener into his jaw. The blade lodged in the guard\'92s skull, crunching through skin and bone with a sound like slicing a cantaloupe. He dislodged the letter opener, then shoved the dead guard backwards. He toppled down the stairs, taking several other zombies out with him, two hundred pounds of dead weight crashing down the stairs onto them.\
But in that time, others had closed the gap. They lunged at Roderick, who stumbled back, desperate to avoid their rot-black fingers. He fell, landed flat on his ass. The letter opener clattered to the floor, out of reach. Terrified, he shoved himself backward, as the two closest zombies bit into the air where he\'92d been half a second earlier. Unshakeable, frenzied panic made him scramble back further. He kicked wildly at them without aim or precision, nothing but mortal terror.\
This was it. This was how it would end. He felt their hands open his chest, and let out a whimper. His waistcoat ripped, and he felt them tearing at his shirtsleeves, trying to get at his arms. He blinked his eyes shut. If they were going to tear open his skin and pluck out his organs, he didn\'92t want to watch them do it. He screwed his eyes closed and braced himself.\
Instead, there was a deafening bang.\
His eyes snapped open. There was a spray of thick, gloppy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BAC310FD-2E7B-48BB-8B1C-4E184AE135DC"}}{\fldrslt blood}}, and the sound of a body hitting the floor. He smelled gunpowder. Another gunshot. Another body hit the floor. Roderick looked up and saw Hargrave standing over him, gun in hand.\
No time to ask where he\'92d gotten it, he reached up and took Hargrave\'92s other hand. The policeman hauled him to his feet, fired another shot into the mob of zombies, and took off again, running.\
Roderick didn\'92t waste a second, just took off again after Hargrave, thanking his lucky stars that Hargrave had come back for him. Ahead, Hargrave stumbled to a sudden stop. Roderick felt his heart stop.\
The way ahead was cut off by a second group of zombies, this one even bigger than the mob at their back. Too many to go through. They couldn\'92t go forward, and they couldn\'92t turn back. There was nowhere to run.}