{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel awoke in a cell. It was dark, cold, and windowless, a hard bench the only furniture. A set of iron doors locked her inside. She patted her dress, dug through her hidden pockets, and found that her lock picking tools were gone. Her guns had been confiscated as well. \
At least both her eyes were working. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8361F26A-A585-44F7-8A88-54A17912D3A0"}}{\fldrslt She might have expected to have had her prosthesis removed by her captors, so it was a relief that her vision was still entirely intact.}} She unstrapped the device, took the key from around her neck, and used it to wind up the mechanical eye. Before replacing it in its socket, she flipped open the hidden compartment. She had to suppress a grin. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E5857777-1FC2-467B-A0FA-FA51E305B2DA"}}{\fldrslt The poison dart was still there.}}\
So, an eye for an eye, she thought. She\'92d put a dart in Dr. Jekyll\'92s neck as soon as she had a chance, see how he liked it.\
She flipped the compartment shut and clicked her eye back in place with a click and a pneumatic hiss. There was an uncomfortable pressure in her skull as she fit the device into its socket, but she\'92d grown used to that over the years. As used to it as one could get anyway. She felt naked without the eye strapped in. Quickly, she fastened the straps, and experimentally rotated the lens.\
She jumped back. There was someone in the cell next to her. A dark, shadowy figure in the blackness of the holding cell. He was watching her intently. Annabel shrunk away, squinting with her mechanical eye until it changed focus to reveal the man more clearly. She reached up and adjusted a dial. The device began to emit a dim light. She turned another knob, and her ordinary lens slid off to the side, making way for a green lens to slide into place, allowing her to see more sharply in the dim lighting. As she turned the wheel, she could finally see her fellow captive clearly.\
He was astonishingly handsome, an unsettling smile upon his lips. A sardonic expression on his unblemished, youthful face. A piercing gaze in his eyes. His eyes were an unnaturally bright green, though this might have been owing to the tint of her lens.\
\'93Sorry if I startled you,\'94 he said.\
\'93Not at all,\'94 Annabel lied. She got to her feet and moved over to get a better look at him. Easier than squinting through her prosthetic eye.\
\'93What is this place?\'94 he asked.\
She shook her head. She\'92d been hoping he could tell her.\
\'93Resurrectionist holding cell, I believe,\'94 she said.\
\'93I suspected as much,\'94 he said. \'93I was arrested, but the man who took me were not policemen. They mentioned transporting me to a more secure prison. Chateau d\'92If.\'94\
Annabel frowned. She wondered if that\'92s what they planned for her as well. She was surprised the Resurrectionists hadn\'92t just killed her.\
\'93Chateau d\'92If was the name of a fortress in the Mediterranean Sea, near the Old Port of Marseille. It later became a prison. It was used in Alexandre Dumas\'92 novel, The Count of Monte Cristo, as the apparently inescapable secret prison from which Edmond Dantes eventually escapes,\'94 he said. He seemed to possess Annabel\'92s own ability to appear remarkably calm despite the duress of an unusual situation. She wondered if he 
\i felt
\i0  as apprehensive as she did, in spite of his cool demeanor. \'93Unless we\'92re being escorted there in reality, which I doubt, I\'92d wager that Chateau d\'92If is being used as a code name for some other prison.\'94\
His eyes never left her as he spoke.\
\'93What do you know of these Resurrectionists?\'94 he asked, suddenly changing the subject.\
\'93I\'92m not sure I want to tell you,\'94 she said, equally cold. \'93Who are you? What do they want with you?\'94\
He edged closer to the end of his cell, and put his hands on the bars. The green glow in his eyes was even more pronounced with him standing close enough to touch her.\
\'93I\'92m a hobbyist,\'94 he said.\
\'93A hobbyist?\'94 she repeated, unimpressed. \'93Of what sort?\'94\
\'93I follow the careers of dangerous criminals, collect broadsides and memorabilia, and visit the sites of their crimes. I try to meet these criminals, when I can.\'94\
\'93An odd hobby.\'94\
\'93But a popular one, believe it or not,\'94 he countered. He placed his head against the bars. It seemed an effort to get closer to her. She took a cautious step backwards, and he grinned.\
There was something about him, Annabel couldn\'92t quite place, but her instincts were drawn to his bright green eyes, his dark hair, and fair skin. She noted that he had the slightest hint of an Irish accent. She considered his \'93hobby,\'94 and suddenly the puzzle pieces clicked into place. She knew who he was.\
\'93You\'92re Parson Sinews,\'94 Annabel said with surprise.\
\'93You\'92ve heard of me?\'94 He laughed. It was a cold sound, without mirth, and it unsettled her.\
\'93We travel the same social circles,\'94 she said. Annabel\'92s friends and associates were criminals, and Parson Sinews\'92 name was whispered on the tongues of thieves and murderers. It was a name that was feared even by the most hardened criminals. Sinews was infamous. He had influence, wealth, power. And he had a reputation. \'93I\'92m surprised we haven\'92t met till now.\'94\
Sinews smiled. \'93As am I,\'94 he said. He didn\'92t elaborate, but Annabel got the unnerving sense that Mr. Sinews knew who she was, somehow.\
She hadn\'92t really trusted Mr. O, but she\'92d liked the man well enough. She trusted Mr. Sinews even less, and she didn\'92t think she particularly liked him either. But she was trapped in a cell, and he was interesting if not likable. And somehow, despite his imprisonment, he seemed to be enjoying himself. She said as much.\
He grinned at the question. \'93No,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92m not enjoying myself much. Imprisonment does not agree with me. That said, it is a pleasant surprise meeting you here. I never thought I\'92d have the opportunity to thank you in person. The Rembrandt is exquisite. I\'92ve set it on the wall in the sitting room, adjacent to the fireplace.\'94\
It took some amount of effort for Annabel to keep a neutral expression. She remembered that particular heist well enough. As was her usual method, she\'92d made the arrangements through third parties, keeping the identity of her buyer and her own name anonymous. She never met her buyers personally, never learned their names. Using the alias Monday was a failsafe. She was a ghost. She should be untraceable. And she hadn\'92t introduced herself to Mr. Sinews. Seeing that he\'92d deduced it meant that either he was particularly clever or that her cover had again been blown by one of her sources. Until her recent encounter with the Resurrectionists, she would have considered the latter impossible. Now, she was not so sure.\
\'93I\'92m glad to hear that, Mr. Sinews, but let\'92s keep the conversation to the Resurrectionists,\'94 she said.\
She wanted to say more, but she bit her lip. Sinews smiled that infuriating smile of his and shrunk back from the bars of his cell, and took a seat on the bench.\
\'93Very well,\'94 he said, threading his fingers together on his lap. \'93What do you know about them?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know how,\'94 Annabel said, \'93But I know that they are connected to the Grimmer Company.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 Parson barely blinked at the revelation. But he was no longer smiling.\
\'93This prison is in the basement of the Grimmer Company headquarters,\'94 she said. \'93Last night, at Lord Henry Connor\'92s masquerade, I met a man called Mr. O. He hinted that Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist. I had been hired to rob Connor. After I retrieved the package, the Resurrectionists put a gun to my back and relieved me of it. Have you heard of the Lazarus Virus?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Sinews answered.\
\'93Well, that\'92s what was in the package,\'94 she said. \'93They used a mechanical bird to spread the virus; in a matter of minutes, everyone in the house was infected. I was lucky enough to get out alive, as was Mr. O.\'94\
Sinews winced, as if pained by Annabel\'92s news. It was the first sign she\'92d seen that Sinews was capable of real emotion. She cocked her head at him. \'93What is it?\'94\
\'93My fianc\'e9e was at the masquerade,\'94 he said. \'93You were there. Is there any chance she made it out alive?\'94\
Annabel shook her head. \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 she said. \'93The only way she could have gotten away was if your fianc\'e9e was a Resurrectionist.\'94\
Sinews said nothing, but he was grinding his teeth, jaw clenched. To Annabel\'92s astonishment, he seemed to be considering that possibility. Anything, she supposed, to keep the hope that his fianc\'e9e was still alive. He must have truly loved this woman, whoever she was.\
Eventually, the drawn-out silence became uncomfortable. Annabel decided to fill the void in their conversation. \'93This man I met,\'94 she continued. \'93Mr. O\'97\'94\
\'93Jonathan Grimmer,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
\'93Does 
\i everyone
\i0  know poor Mr. Grimmer\'92s identity?\'94 said Annabel. \'93Alas, I don\'92t believe Mr. Grimmer is well suited for the cloak and dagger.\'94\
\'93No indeed,\'94 Mr. Sinews agreed. \'93Then again, it seems that you and I are not as adept at the clandestine as we\'92d like to think, either, given our current circumstances.\'94\
Annabel shrugged. He had a point. \'93Anyway, the Grimmers are connected to the Resurrectionists. Yet somehow I don\'92t think Jonathan Grimmer is one of them. Call it a gut feeling, call it women\'92s intuition. Call it whatever you like, I believe Jonathan Grimmer is innocent.\'94\
\'93I share your opinion,\'94 Sinews told her. To her surprise, she was glad to hear that. She still didn\'92t know why exactly\'97perhaps it was because despite his naive innocence, he had stayed by her side at Connor\'92s, until she\'92d chosen to abandon him, or perhaps she was simply taken in by his handsome face\'97but she wanted to think the best of Mr. Grimmer.\
\'93Still, he knows 
\i something 
\i0 about the Resurrectionists,\'94 she said, \'93I came here to find out what. Instead, I ended up imprisoned here.\'94\
\'93Well, if it\'92s any consolation, what Mr. Grimmer knows about the Resurrectionists, he learned from me.\'94\
Annabel blinked in surprise.\
\'93I told you I study criminals as a hobby,\'94 he reminded her. \'93I spent some time investigating the Resurrection Man. Jonathan Grimmer came to me looking for answers. I don\'92t know the Grimmer Company\'92s part in all this, but I believe you\'92re right. Jonathan Grimmer is innocent.\'94}