{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0  She had to wonder, though. Jonathan had said that Mrs. Grimmer was working against the Resurrectionists from the inside. It was still possible that she was on their side. Still, she had no idea how far Mrs. Grimmer would go to maintain her cover. Surely she\'92d protect her son, but Annabel doubted the same courtesy would be extended to her.\
___\
Mr. O had said that he\'92d seen Mr. Sinews being placed under arrest by the police. Why then, was he in the Resurrectionists\'92 facility, and not in a regular prison? There were two possibilities that Annabel could think of. First, the Resurrectionists had impersonated the police in order to spirit him away. Second, there were Resurrectionists within Scotland Yard\'92s ranks.\
\'93We share a mutual acquaintance,\'94 she said. \'93Mr. O.\'94\
\'93Ah,\'94 he said with a smile. \'93The young Jonathan Grimmer.\'94\
\'93Does 
\i everyone
\i0  know poor Mr. Grimmer\'92s identity?\'94 said Annabel. \'93Alas, I don\'92t believe Mr. Grimmer is well suited for the cloak and dagger.\'94\
\'93No indeed,\'94 Mr. Sinews agreed. \'93Then again, it seems that you and I are not as adept at the clandestine as we\'92d like to think either, given our current circumstances. Nevertheless, the three of us are wrapped up in this whether we like it or not.\'94\
_\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj
\cf0  But if he was expecting her to tell him more, he was to be disappointed. She changed the subject. \'93What do you know about \'85?\'94\
\'93Once again, Miss Monday, you have me at a disadvantage.\'94\
The name was used as a dig, a reminder that while Annabel knew about Anthony and the Lazarus Virus, 
\i he 
\i0 knew about 
\i her
\i0 . She was tempted not to save her poisoned dart for Mrs. Grimmer\'92s throat. But she kept her anger in check. At least he didn\'92t know her as Annabel.\
So she gave him a quick explanation of the virus, based on what Dr. Jekyll had told her about it and the creature she\'92d seen floating in the tank. She told him how the serum had apparently been used to influence the behaviour of Jack\'92s fellow Resurrectionists. She told him about Mrs. Grimmer, who was, according to Dr. Allen, 
\i not
\i0  under the influence of the neurotoxin. She decided not to tell him that there was a possibility that Mrs. Grimmer was actually on their side.\
\'93,\'94 he said when she\'92d finished explaining. \'93.\'94\
\'93,\'94 Annabel told him.\
Sinews frowned.\
\'93I disagree,\'94 he said stubbornly, but he offered no explanation. }