{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 Anthony Tidkins\'92 was truly a face that only a mother could love. And even she might have preferred him if he\'92d been pretty. It wasn\'92t as though he had a hideous disfigurement, an amputation, a scarred face or blemishes. Mostly, what it came down to was a total absence of handsome features.\
His chin, average. His eyes, pale. His cheekbones, just so slightly too high. His lips, just a bit too thin. His body, under muscled, weak. Even his smile was imperfect, the gaps between his teeth too wide.\
It was mostly that amalgam of subpar features that made him unattractive. But then, as if the universe felt that he had gotten off easy, it had also bestowed upon him another burden of physiognomy. Albinism. If merely being unhandsome wasn\'92t enough to make him a pariah, his unnaturally white hair, pale skin, pale and rose-hued eyes did the trick. More than that, he also had a heightened sensitivity to sunlight, frail health, and a steadily increasing number of various phobias.\
Knowing all this, one might assume that Anthony did not have a happy childhood. This assumption would be wrong. In spite of the odds being stacked against him, Anthony did at least have a few tools at his disposal, which he used to great effect, not to make a great deal of friends, but at least to make a few that were uncommonly loyal. It was not his intelligence, his perspicaciousness, or his curiosity that made him interesting to his loyal circle of friends. Mostly, it was his fearlessness.\
One day, sitting on a bench by the Serpentine, watching the ducks waddling on the banks with a few friends, the word 
\i0 freak
\i  echoed in the air. A pregnant silence followed, as Anthony Tidkins curled his hand into a fist.\
\'93What did you call me?\'94 he demanded.\
The boy sneered. Here was a boy half his size, frail-looking and weird, parasol in hand, dark glasses over his eyes, acting tough.\
\'93You\'92re gonna fight me?\'94 he said with a laugh.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Anthony, folding his parasol in preparation for the altercation.\
\'93Don\'92t,\'94 said one of Anthony\'92s entourage. Under his breath, his friend whispered a cautionary reminder. \'93You\'92ve never won a fight before. Not one.\'94\
Anthony laughed. \'93Maybe this will be the first,\'94 he said.\
It wasn\'92t. Anthony returned home with a bloody lip and a black eye, soaking wet; he\'92d been pushed into the Serpentine.\
\'93Let me see your face,\'94 said Mrs. Cartwright in that stern voice of hers. \'93Have you been fighting again, young man?\'94\
\'93Yes, ma\'92am,\'94 he admitted, shamefaced.\
\'93You know I have to let your father know,\'94 she said.\
Anthony nodded.\
\'93Yes, Mrs. Cartwright. I understand.\'94\
\'93Be a good lad and run along to your room,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92ll bring your supper up in a minute.\'94\
He nodded and excused himself. He did as she asked, but he left his room open a crack, so he could overhear the conversation when Mrs. Cartwright told Anthony\'92s father about the fighting. When she did, his father hardly seemed interested.\
\'93Boys will be boys,\'94 he muttered, clearly distracted by something.\
Mrs. Cartwright sighed. Through the crack in the door, Anthony saw the conversation unfold.\
\'93I\'92m busy, Mrs. Cartwright, if you please.\'94\
\'93Sir,\'94 she said, but Anthony\'92s father barely looked up.\
In some ways, Anthony would have preferred to be punished to being ignored. It had grown worse since his mother passed away a few years earlier. His father saw Anthony as nothing more than a burden.\
Anthony quickly hid his face from the crack in the door so he wouldn\'92t be caught eavesdropping. He sat down on his bed and opened his book, just as Mrs. Cartwright came in.\
\'93What\'92s that you\'92re reading?\'94\
\'93Mysteries of London,\'94 he told her.\
\'93Not another penny dreadful, is it?\'94 she asked. \'93You know your father doesn\'92t like you reading that sort of thing.\'94\
Anthony pretended not to hear her, keeping his eyes on the book. Stupid of her to use that, he thought. Anthony knew perfectly well that his father didn\'92t care what he read, so long as he left his medical books on their shelves.\
That was probably the only time Anthony had ever gotten into trouble with his father. He\'92d stolen his father\'92s books, and read each and every last one. At first, the scientific terminology and elevated scholarly language was beyond his understanding. But the more he began to read, the more he began to understand, and the more obsessive he became with those books. He had expected his father to praise him for taking an interest in learning. But that was not to be. Now, his father\'92s books remained behind a locked cabinet, and Anthony was left reading penny dreadfuls.\
Mrs. Cartwright threw her hands up and walked out of his room in a huff.\
\'93I give up!\'94 she cried dramatically. \'93Neither of the men of this house will heed my advice.\'94}