{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Over the years, Anthony\'97known to her in those days as Jack\'97had introduced Annabel to several of his acquaintances, many of whom were, quite frankly, criminals. Her services were highly sought after by Anthony\'92s friends, and Annabel was all too happy to oblige and was quick to adapt her skill as a pickpocket to the theft of more valuable items, sought by the ton in part due to their illegal nature. Paintings, such as the one Annabel had provided for Mr. Sinews, for example; ancient Egyptian artifacts, which had required Annabel to break into museums; and more importantly, evidence, records, and files, which Annabel was able to rescue from the police without too much difficulty.\
Then there was also the research that Annabel had stolen on Anthony\'92s behalf. This, according to Anthony, was the real reason he\'92d hired her. Her benefactor was a scientist, and though he was still in his teenage years when she met him, he was educated as a physician, had gone to university, and had studied under one of America\'92s most prominent doctors. Dr. Allen. Anthony\'92s pursuit of science was obsessive. He\'92d taken to pursuing shortcuts whenever possible.\
He was not above stealing the research of other scientists. Annabel had personally visited the homes and laboratories of Charles Darwin, Edward Jenner, John Hunter, John Boyd Dunlop, Lord Kelvin, and Nikola Tesla, among others, and had returned to Anthony with unpublished studies, notes, and specimen, whatever he required for his endless pursuit of...\
Annabel knew not what it was exactly that Anthony was studying.\
But until now, she had always believed that while Anthony\'92s methods were criminal, his intentions were benevolent. He held life as the most precious gift. He\'92d often spoken to Annabel passionately about wanting to make a difference in the world. Every life, he\'92d always said, was worth saving. This, Annabel had always felt, was why he\'92d saved hers, all those years ago. He\'92d taken her in, given her a home and a purpose, helped her to elevate her social and financial position. And years later, he\'92d saved her yet again, when her eye had been ripped from its socket.\
It was for this reason that she felt a mild stinging in the back of her eyes, as she realized that Anthony was utterly, completely insane. She\'92d been taken in by his lies.\
\'93What do you want with me, Jack?\'94 she hissed. It was the only way to keep herself from crying. She wouldn\'92t let herself be weak, not in front of him. So she set her mouth in a cruel sneer and glared at the young man who\'92d treated her as a sister. \'93You tried to kill me.\'94\
Anthony laughed. He sounded different. Perhaps that\'92s why she hadn\'92t recognized it before. Not just because it was muffled by the mask, but because there was a cruelty that had crept into his voice. There was no joy to his laughter.\
\'93At the masquerade, you mean? You knew that was me?,\'94 he asked.\
Annabel kept her mouth shut, her eyes fixed dangerously on him.\
\'93I wasn\'92t trying to kill you,\'94 he said. \'93I was testing my hypothesis.\'94\
While he spoke, Annabel was still looking for a way out. There had to be some way of getting past the dozens of Resurrectionists, even with their guns trained on her. She just had to wait for the right moment to present itself.\
\'93What hypothesis?\'94\
Before he had a chance to answer, a door swung open. She wanted to hear what Anthony had to say, but the door was open, and this might be her only chance. She stepped through the door, pushing past the Resurrectionist that had opened it, shoving him out of her way.\
\'93Stop her!\'94 Anthony cried.\
Ignoring him, the Resurrectionist turned to the door and bolted it shut.}