{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A red light began to blink beneath Palmer\'92s desk, electric and bright. It pulsed on and off, the red light casting an unnatural glow onto Palmer\'92s face.\
\'93What is that?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93Emergency alarm,\'94 Palmer explained. \'93It means there\'92s a 
\i situation
\i0  in the laboratory.\'94\
\'93What kind of situation?\'94\
\'93Suppose I\'92ll have to find out,\'94 Palmer replied, standing up. \'93If you\'92ll excuse me\'97\'94\
\'93I want to come with you,\'94 Jonathan blurted out.\
He was standing up now too, the silent alarm still pulsing, on, off, on, off. He put his hand on Palmer\'92s shoulder as the older man tried to brush him off.\
\'93I want to see the lab,\'94 he said. \'93I need to see it.\'94\
\'93Jonathan, be reasonable,\'94 Palmer replied, \'93The laboratory isn\'92t run by 
\i Grimmer and Sons
\i0  any more. It\'92s run by Resurrectionists. They\'92ve come to trust me and your mother, because so far we\'92ve been cooperating with them. What do you think they\'92ll do if I bring you down there?\'94\
Again, Jonathan had to grab ahold of Palmer to get him to stop and listen. He refused to be brushed aside like some sort of child. He was frustrated that both his mother and father had kept this monumental secret from him, but he had to admit he didn\'92t entirely blame them. He hadn\'92t taken his duties with the family business seriously. Why should he be trusted to take the Lazarus Virus seriously? But after what he\'92d learned from Parson Sinews, after seeing the destruction of the city from 
\i The Penny Dreadful
\i0 , after having his throat nearly torn out by a dead man, Jonathan wasn\'92t about to be left out.\
\'93You have a mask,\'94 Jonathan said.\
\'93What?\'94\
\'93The plague doctor\'92s mask,\'94 he said. \'93You have one, don\'92t you?\'94\
\'93Yes, but\'97\'94\
\'93Give it to me,\'94 Jonathan told him.\
\'93And what about me?\'94 asked Palmer.\
\'93You\'92ll say you forgot to put it on, in your haste,\'94 Jonathan said. \'93Now, the mask.\'94\
Finally, Palmer relented. He let out a heavy sigh as he fetched the mask in question. \'93Your mother is going to have my head if anything happens to you,\'94 he said.\
\'93Your problem,\'94 Jonathan told him.\
Palmer handed him the mask. He didn\'92t seem happy about it, but at least he was doing as Jonathan asked. Jonathan turned the mask over in his hands. Inside the beak-like protrusion of the mask was a rubber seal. A network of tubes, a filter.\
\'93It\'92s a gas mask,\'94 Jonathan realized.\
The plague mask was not merely a symbol of the Resurrectionists, it was also a means of avoiding inhaling the infectious gas.\
\'93So,\'94 he asked, adjusting the straps on the plague mask to fit his face, \'93Where is this laboratory?\'94\
Palmer chuckled, amusement crinkling the corners of his eyes as he went over to the bookshelf. He grabbed one of the books. It made a strange, mechanical sound, then snapped back into place on the shelf. Jonathan heard the distant rattle of heavy machinery, and stared at Palmer with confusion.\
The sound seemed to be coming from below. He raised his eyebrows, forming a question, and frowned as the floor shook like the floor of an airship.\
\'93You\'92ll see,\'94 said Palmer, enjoying the suspense.}