{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Roderick watched with tiring patience as Mr. Hargrave\'92s sickness took him. It might have been a matter of hours, or a matter of minutes; it was impossible to tell. A narrow gap in the wall, a mild breeze from outside, was the only indication of the passage of time. The thick fog and black clouds made the day as black as any night.\
In all that time, the zombie mob still lingered in the hallway, voicing their hunger with the same desperate moans. No change had come over them.\
But Hargrave had changed.\
He had grown quiet and still. His eyes seemed to have sunken back in his head. Dark shadows crept across his skin, the necrosis spreading from his blackened wound and poisoning his entire body. The grey pallour that Roderick had first observed on the policeman\'92s arm was now the color of his neck, his face, his chest. His veins were black webs. A thin sheen of sweat clung to his forehead. His lips appeared chapped, the skin on them peeling away.\
Roderick guessed he didn\'92t have long.\
The gun was beginning to feel heavy in his hand. His wrist had begun to shake with fatigue. But still, he waited. He wasn\'92t about to kill the man while he still lived.\
\'93Roderick,\'94 Hargrave croaked. His voice was beginning to sound less human. It was the first time he had spoken in hours.\
\'93Hargrave,\'94 Roderick answered.\
Hargrave tried to shift position, to sit up a bit straighter, and flinched. He coughed, a hoarse rasp of air expelled from black lungs through a tattered throat. At last, he settled. He forced a smile.\
\'93Please,\'94 he said, \'93Call me Richard.\'94\
Roderick swallowed. He gave the man a nod, tears threatening to well up in his eyes. He blinked them back. He barely knew this man, but they had a hard-earned closeness, the brotherhood of having fought at each other\'92s sides. They had fought the living dead together, they had saved each other\'92s lives. And for the past few hours, Roderick had been sitting at his side, watching him die.\
\'93Richard, then,\'94 he said, and he forced a smile, and began to cry. He wiped his tears on his sleeve. \'93What is it?\'94\
\'93Promise me\'97\'94\
\'93Yes?\'94\
Hargrave\'92s words were a whisper, the man\'92s dying words drowned out by the mob of the unliving outside the door. Roderick stood up from the bench and crossed the short width of the cell. He bent down and put his ear to Hargrave\'92s mouth.\
\'93Promise you what?\'94 he asked.\
Hargrave had gone quiet. Even with his ear pressed against Hargrave\'92s mouth, he couldn\'92t hear a thing. And, he realized, he couldn\'92t feel the air of his breath. He couldn\'92t see the rise and fall of his chest.\
He looked at Hargrave\'92s face. His eyes had fallen shut. His body was stiff, motionless. Roderick peeled off his gloves, set them on the floor next to his gun. With a shaking hand, he reached out to check his friend\'92s pulse.\
He put his fingers against Hargrave\'92s carotid. His skin was cold, and lifeless. Roderick couldn\'92t feel a pulse. A hard knot formed in his throat. He swallowed it, and steeled himself for what he needed to do.\
He reached for his gun, just as Hargrave\'92s eyes snapped open.}