{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The gunshot rang out through the hallways of the prison, a deafening sound like thunder reverberating in the small cell. The zombies seemed to be drawn to the sound, their efforts to get past the heavy door suddenly renewed. Roderick began to weep. He pounded his hands against Hargrave\'92s lifeless chest in frustration, dropping the empty pistol on the floor with a clatter.\
\'93God damn you, Hargrave,\'94 he cried. \'93Don\'92t leave me alone in here.\'94\
His friend\'92s head was shot through, a clean hole through his forehead, a hideous snarl permanently held on his face, like the smile on a wax figure.\
Roderick took Hargrave\'92s hat from his head, placed it over his face, and stood up. He couldn\'92t stand to look at him any more, and he found himself unable to tear his gaze away. Now that his face was covered, he was able to look away.\
He dusted himself off, bounced on the balls of his feet to shake off the nervous energy, and pulled his gloves back on.\
\'93Get a hold of yourself, Roderick,\'94 he said aloud. He found that his nerves were steadier when he was talking aloud, even if there was no one to hear but him. He wished he had Bailey with him. Roderick was accustomed to spending nights alone in his studio, but at least then he had the dog to talk to. Now, there was nobody but the zombies in the hall and the corpses in the cell.\
Remembering that he still had a bit of cocaine in his pocket, he reached into his jacket and pulled out a small bag of it. He dabbed a bit under his nose and inhaled. Almost instantly, he felt more himself.\
For what seemed like the first time, he examined his cell. It was like seeing it for the first time. The bench he\'92d been sitting on, hard, weathered oak on legs of iron. The bare walls of cinder. The iron door to the dark hall outside the cell, the square grates in the door through which the dead thrust their fingers. The tattered bed-sheet on the floor. The thin opening in the wall through which the faint breeze found its way into his cell.\
During one of Jack Sheppard\'92s escapes from Newgate, he\'92d filed away the iron bars on the door and climbed through the narrow space between the bars and into the hallway. With the aide of his female accomplices, he\'92d managed to slip past the distracted guards. Roderick, of course, had no accomplices, and his guards were a mob of a hundred ravenous corpses.\
During another of Sheppard\'92s famous escapes, he\'92d gotten away by climbing through the window. He managed to scale the wall, climb up onto the roof, and later descended to the ground, using a rope made of bedsheets. Roderick might have gotten out that way, but the narrow window was blocked by an iron bar that was lodged into the cinder.\
\'93That\'92s it!\'94 Roderick cried, laughing aloud as he considered it. \'93Yes, that might just work.\'94\
It was during Sheppard\'92s final escape from Newgate that he\'92d filed away the iron bar that obstructed his escape through the window. He\'92d used the iron bar to chip away at the ceiling, eventually managing to put a hole through it large enough to climb through. Once free of his cell, he\'92d gotten up onto the roof, used the blanket in his cell to reach the roof of the house across from the prison. He\'92d broken into the house, climbed down the stairs, and headed out to the street, all with with his irons still on his legs.\
Roderick considered the possibility of his own escape. Being repelled by the thought of exercise, Roderick had virtually no muscle on his slight frame. Like Jack Sheppard, he was not overly tall, and certainly not athletic. Still, in some ways he might be well-served by his slight frame. At least the hole he\'92d need to put in the ceiling didn\'92t have to be terribly wide.\
It might take hours, days even, but at least it gave Roderick a glimmer of hope. With enough luck, he might not actually die in here.\
He fished a nail-file from one of his pockets\'97it never hurt to be prepared for cosmetic emergencies\'97and dragged the wooden bench over to the window. He climbed up onto the bench, and looked through the window.\
His heart leapt.\
He could see an airship floating outside the prison. Even through the dark and foggy air, he could make out the ship\'92s familiar shape, and the brightly painted logo on its blimp. Beneath that, the name of the ship was printed in blazing red letters.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 The Penny Dreadful.}