{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0  She headed towards the street, waving her arms to try to flag down a passing cab. She looked back to Mr. Palmer, who was now running after her again, bullets bouncing off the ground mere inches from his feet. It was only by luck that he wasn\'92t hit.\
Finally, Annabel managed to flag down a driver. He pulled the fly off to the side of the road, and she climbed inside, making room for Mr. Palmer, who practically dove into the coach.\
Annabel belted out instructions to the driver, not worrying about where they were going, so long as the cab was moving. The Resurrectionists\'92 bullets had not proved to be terribly accurate, but they did seem to have considerable range. It was not until the fly turned down a side street that Annabel settled into her seat.\
\'93Are you hit?\'94 she asked Mr. Palmer. \'93Again, I mean?\'94\
He shook his head. \'93Other than the shoulder, I\'92m fine,\'94 he said. \'93Where are we headed?\'94\
\'93Where would we find Mr. O?\'94\
\'93Who?\'94\
\'93Jonathan, I mean,\'94 she said. \'93Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
Abraham turned to the driver and rattled off the address of the Grimmer family household. Then he turned back to Annabel. The firearm he\'92d given her was now aimed at his stomach.\
\'93I believe you promised me an explanation,\'94 she said. \'93I want to know why you\'92re helping me. Tell me everything.\'94\
Mr. Palmer nodded slowly. \'93I will,\'94 he said. He indicated the driver with a nod of his head. \'93But not here. Not now.\'94\
Annabel pursed her lips unhappily. With a subtle nod of her head, she reminded him that he was at gunpoint. \'93When?\'94 she demanded, jamming the muzzle of the rifle into his gut.\
He winced in pain.\
\'93When we arrive at Mr. Grimmer\'92s residence, I\'92ll explain everything to the both of you, if that\'92s agreeable.\'94\
Annabel nodded.\
\'93Fine,\'94 she said, \'93But no more secrets.\'94}