{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The airship was high above the dying city of London, above the clouds, sailing through the aether. Far enough above the city that they could no longer hear the apocalyptic sounds from the ground below. The screams of the living as they watched their friends and family members die, only to turn on them. The inhuman moan of the zombies as they hunted for living flesh. The shattering of glass as the creatures broke into homes and businesses; even in their homes the living were not safe.\
The airship was as steady as solid ground, with only a light breeze stirring the air. The whir of propellers and the 
\i chunk-chunk 
\i0 of the engines kept up a steady rhythm.\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\fi337\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 While Jonathan generally disliked air travel, the airship was not without its comforts. At any rate, it was preferable to being on the ground at the moment. Jonathan had nonetheless plopped herself into a chair with an audible sigh. Then he rang the bell for tea.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 His first inclination had been absinthe, but the bright green bottle had lost its appeal at the moment. It reminded him of Parson Sinews, his furious battle with the police as they made their arrest. It was hard to believe that had only been the night before.\
Across from Jonathan sat Abraham Palmer. To his left, Miss Monday. And to his right, Roderick Steen, Kipper Lockwood, and Kass. He had been surprised to find Roderick aboard his ship when he, Palmer, and Monday had finally reached Newgate. Apparently, Mr. Lockwood\'97with the help of some of the airship crew\'97had managed to rescue Roderick, who had been trapped in a cell, surrounded by zombies. They had not found Parson Sinews, but thanks to Miss Monday\'92s efforts, they now knew that Sinews was being held prisoner by the Resurrectionists.\
After a long, trying day, tea was not just a comfort. It was a necessity. It was served with sandwiches and sweets, lemon tarts and soft warm bread. Because Kip and Kass had rescued his best friend, Jonathan had thought it appropriate to invite them to tea.\
He watched Kip tear into his sandwich with relish. He wore a mustache of tea on his upper lip. Miss Monday sipped her tea delicately, her eyes scanning the room warily.\
She had told her story over their first cup of tea. How the Resurrectionists had taken the prize she\'92d stolen from Connor\'92s safe, and used it to unleash the Lazarus Virus. How she\'92d followed Palmer and Mrs. Grimmer down into the Resurrectionist laboratory, where she\'92d seen the zombie in its tank, and where she met Dr. Jekyll, who had explained the 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 \'97the Resurrectionists intended to cure death. To do so, they needed to find someone who was immune to Lazarus. How she\'92d been taken prisoner, and met her fellow captive\'97Parson Sinews. How she\'92d made her escape, after a brief confrontation with Anthony Tidkins.\
They were comparing notes. Jonathan\'92s own findings were much the same as hers. He told the gathered party about his own meeting with Parson Sinews, and what Sinews had told him about the 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 . He told them about Sinews\'92 arrest; the police believed Sinews was the Resurrection Man.\
Miss Monday snorted. \'93The police are wrong,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92ve met Mr. Sinews, and I\'92ve met Anthony Tidkins. They are not the same man.\'94\
\'93I agree,\'94 Roderick said, \'93But Detective Inspector Taggert said he spoke to a witness who swore up and down that Sinews was the Resurrection Man. It was Taggert\'97god rest his idiotic soul\'97who sent the Black Mariahs to arrest Sinews.\'94\
\'93Mr. Ocelot believed his employer, Mr. Sinews, was used by the Resurrectionists as a scapegoat. The so-called 
\i witness 
\i0 was likely a Resurrectionist. A convenient way to get rid of Mr. Sinews, who might have been a threat to the 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 ,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Mr. Sinews believed my father\'92s death was not an accident. He suggested my father might have been killed by the Resurrectionists.\'94\
He noticed Palmer looking down at his tea, and directed his attention at him.\
\'93After my meeting with Mr. Sinews, I headed to the 
\i Grimmer and Sons 
\i0 headquarters, where I spoke with Mr. Palmer,\'94 he said.\
Jonathan sat back in his chair and sipped his tea thoughtfully. He gave a brief summary of his conversation with Palmer to the rest of the party. All eyes seemed to turn on Palmer.\
Palmer nodded.\
\'93Yes, I suppose you want an explanation,\'94 he said. He took a sip of tea, wincing with pain from his gunshot wound. \'93What Jonathan says is true. Beneath the Grimmer Company is a laboratory. It was used to study the effects of the Lazarus Virus, these inhuman creatures you call 
\i zombies
\i0 . Mr. Grimmer and I have been hunting these creatures for years now, since Jonathan was a boy.\'94\
Miss Monday frowned seriously, scrutinizing Palmer with an unreadable expression. It was impossible to know what thoughts lay behind those eyes, when one of them was made of brass, polished wood, and polarized glass. She gulped back her tea as if it was the last cup on earth. Jonathan raised an eyebrow.\
\'93It\'92s been a long day,\'94 she said with a dismissive shrug, \'93I find tea to be quite the restorative, don\'92t you?\'94\
Jonathan had to agree. He nodded.\
\'93Drink tea. Kill zombies,\'94 she said, \'93If that\'92s what life is going to be from now on, we might as well do what we can to enjoy it.\'94\
\'93I like this girl, Jonathan,\'94 said Roderick. \'93She has fire.\'94\
Miss Monday grinned.\
Jonathan returned her smile. True, she did have fire. The thing about fire, though, is that it was dangerous. Beautiful, to be certain, but wild. Unpredictable. And while Miss Monday could play the part of a lady, Jonathan knew that she was not the delicate woman she looked like on the surface. What was it that Parson Sinews had said? 
\i We are all moths, drawn to the flame
\i0 . But if Jonathan was being honest, it was Miss Monday\'92s danger that drew him to her, and at the same time frightened him.\
He looked back at Palmer, who continued as if uninterrupted. \'93When the Resurrectionists found out about the laboratory, they began to make arrangements to take it over. Rather than let that happen, we offered to work with them. We provided unrestricted access to the lab, believing that this would make it easier to monitor their activities. We now know that even though we were able to keep an eye on them, they were still able to keep secrets from us. We knew about Dead London, but we didn\'92t know they planned to begin the experiment so soon. What you have to understand, though, is that even if we had all the information, it would have been impossible to stop the Resurrectionists. Their identities are such closely guarded secrets, it\'92s impossible to even know how many of them there are. We do know that they have members in all areas of society. Not just scientists, but policemen, soldiers, even aristocrats\'97Lord Connor being just one example. Rumor has it that even Queen Victoria is sympathetic to the Resurrectionist cause.\'94\
\'93Queen Victoria supported the idea of turning London into a city of the dead?\'94 Jonathan scoffed.\
\'93The Resurrectionists believe they can conquer death. Queen Victoria is getting old. She was promised immortality. Yes, we believe she supported the Dead London Project.\'94\
Jonathan fell silent and took a sip of tea. He nibbled on a treacle tart, as he stared at Palmer. The tart was probably the first thing he\'92d eaten in days, now that he thought about it.\
Palmer was badly wounded, his shoulder bandaged with a strip of cloth from Miss Monday\'92s skirt. He tried to hide a grimace as he lifted his teacup to his lips. Blood had seeped through his bandage.\
\'93So,\'94 said Roderick, \'93The Resurrectionists believe they can use the Lazarus Virus to cheat death? And to do so, they need to find someone who possesses a natural immunity?\'94\
Palmer nodded.\
\'93It begs the question,\'94 Roderick continued, \'93Suppose we manage to come up with a way to stop the Resurrectionists, to defeat them once and for all\'97should we?\'94\
\'93What do you mean?\'94 asked Kass, who\'92d been silent all this time. \'93Surely we should stop them if given the chance.\'94\
\'93Even if that means the city will be overrun by zombies with no hope of a cure?\'94 Roderick countered.\
\'93The Resurrectionists are not the only scientists in the world. If we could find someone with an immunity to the virus\'97before they do\'97could we not find a cure on our own?\'94 asked Kass.\
\'93There are 
\i years
\i0  worth of research in that laboratory,\'94 said Palmer. \'93Without that research, a cure could take years, decades even.\'94\
\'93Good then!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, \'93We have our answer. We\'92ll simply have to steal the research back.\'94\
Miss Monday sat upright and grinned. \'93Did someone say 
\i steal
\i0 ?\'94\
\'93Ah, yes,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Did I mention\'97Miss Monday is a cat burglar.\'94\
\'93Never liked that term. Hate cats. I like to call it what it is. I\'92m a thief.\'94 \
\'93Thief it is.\'94 Jonathan flashed a smile at her.\
\'93Speaking of thievery,\'94 she said. \'93Something that\'92s been bothering me. It was the Resurrectionists that put me up to robbing Connor\'92s safe. But we now know they already had access to the virus. Whatever they wanted me to steal from Connor, it was more than just the virus. When I mentioned the 
\i green liquid
\i0  I took from Connor\'92s safe, Dr. Jekyll said that Francis Varney\'92s contribution to the 
\i Dead London Project 
\i0 was a means of distributing the virus. According to Dr. Jekyll, this green liquid, which contains the virus, is easily converted into gaseous form. Why did Lord Connor have Varney\'92s green liquid in his safe?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyes widened. He took something from his pocket, and showed it to Miss Monday. The scrap of paper with burnt edges. 
\i Lord Henry Connor is Francis Varney.
\i0 \
\'93That explains it. They had the virus; what they didn\'92t have was a means of distributing it. Varney\'92s solution, combined with Anthony Tidkins\'92 clockwork bird, made it easy for them spread the virus,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93And I helped them do it. God, I feel sick.\'94\
Hastily, she set aside her tea and got out of her seat. \'93Would you excuse me a moment, gentlemen? Clockwork parts to wind.\'94\
She crossed the large room, found herself a table and a mirror, far enough from Jonathan and Mr. Palmer that she could wind up her gears without interrupting their tea, but close enough that she could still follow the conversation.\
\'93So what now?\'94 said Jonathan. \'93We just head back to the Grimmer Company, break in, steal their research? Simple as that?\'94\
\'93Yes, well, if it\'92s not too much to ask, I\'92d like to stop at home first,\'94 said Roderick.\
Jonathan inclined his head, wondering if his friend had something up his sleeve.\
\'93I need to check on Bailey,\'94 Roderick explained. \'93Poor boy\'92s been home alone all day.\'94\
\'93
\i Then
\i0  we break in to the secret lab and steal the research?\'94 asked Miss Monday.\
\'93Unless I\'92ve missed something, there\'92s still the matter of the individual with the immunity to the virus,\'94 said Kass.\
\'93About that,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93Mr. Palmer suggested that 
\i I
\i0  might be immune.\'94\
\'93What? Why would she be immune?\'94 asked Kass, turning to Palmer.\
Miss Monday answered. \'93For one, because I\'92ve already been infected, and I have no symptoms of the virus,\'94 she said. Jonathan stared at her in alarm. \'93And for another thing, it\'92s not the first time I\'92ve been exposed to the virus.\'94\
\'93My god!\'94 Kip exclaimed.\
Jonathan\'92s mouth hung open. \'93What do you mean? When?\'94\
Miss Monday finished winding her clockwork. She fit her prosthetic eye back into its socket with a click, and got up to rejoin them.\
\'93There\'92s something you should know,\'94 she said. \'93Something you should all know about me.\'94}