{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\fi337\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93I was a much younger woman back then\'97a girl, really\'97and if it can be believed, even prettier than I am now,\'94 said Miss Monday, with a wink of her one eye.\
\'93Impossible,\'94 he said, smirking.\
Miss Monday grinned, her cheeks dimpling.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D3F0E254-DC0B-4F14-82D7-50046ECA5345"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \'93I was still new to my profession. Until very recently I\'92d been picking pockets and stealing things that were of very little worth to anyone. That all changed when I met a man who wanted to steal something more valuable. His name\'97when I met him\'97was Jack Bernhardt. I had met him previously, and he had been kind to me. I began to see him more regularly, and he would occasionally buy me lunch. Sometimes, he would bring me a clean dress or a new hat. Simple enough presents that might not have meant much at all to an ordinary person, but I was a street girl. An orphan. To me, it meant the world. I came to think of him like an older brother. He looked out for me, and he asked nothing in return. So, when at last he did ask something of me, you can imagine my answer.\'94}}\
\'93What did he want you to steal?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93Research.\'94\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\fi337\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'93Why? What sort of research?\'94 asked Mr. Palmer.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'93Bernhardt was a doctor. A physician. Although he was somewhat of a Jack of all trades\'97no pun intended. Eventually I learned that he had been conducting scientific experiments\'97of all sorts. He also enjoyed tinkering with rather whimsical inventions. Clockwork dolls and such things. He was something of a genius, and had apparently been a child prodigy, too. According to some of his friends, who I met through my association with him, he never spent a single day in school. I\'92m not sure if that\'92s true, but that\'92s what they said. He learned it all from books, and from his mentor. But his real talent was people. He understood people, was quick to recognize their talents and their weaknesses, and to apply their strengths to his own ends. He often collaborated with other scientists, or hired them to work on his projects. And when others refused to work for him, he would use me.\'94\
\'93He\'92d steal their research, you mean?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Miss Monday said. \'93Anyway, on one particular mission, we were to travel from London all the way to the small island of Haiti. I travelled via dirigible, with Jack as my constant companion. I\'92d come to accept that he was an eccentric young man, but I hadn\'92t quite understood the extent of his eccentricities until we began to travel together. Throughout the duration of the journey, he had been toiling with one of his inventions: a pair of wings, which, when strapped to his back would apparently allow him to glide on the wind as if he were flying. He\'92d been collecting the feathers of crows throughout the journey, and I imagine he\'92d been collecting them long before then. Anyway, he\'92d been sewing the feathers to these artificial wings, bit by bit covering the leather and wooden contraption in black feathers, fashioning it into black Icarus wings.\
\'93Whatever his obsession with crows was, I can\'92t say, but his eccentricities had never bothered me. As I said, he\'92d been like a brother to me. I never questioned him. He was wealthy, but not excessively; the ship itself was perhaps the smallest dirigible I\'92d ever seen, barely big enough to fit the both of us, and it was not richly detailed or lushly decorated like this one. Of course, I was hardly one to complain, and at least my salary was fair.\
\'93Or so I thought before I knew exactly what the job would entail. At that point, I knew only the few details that Jack had provided. As I said, it was an expedition to Haiti. I knew that much. But I did not yet know about the 
\i Bokor
\i0 .\'94\
\'93The 
\i what
\i0 ?\'94 said Jonathan. He was sure he had heard the word before\'97Mr. Sinews had used it\'97but he couldn\'92t recall its precise meaning.\
\'93The 
\i Bokor
\i0 ,\'94 Miss Monday repeated. \'93It\'92s a vodou word. It means 
\i sorcerer
\i0 . I\'92m not sure I can explain it as precisely as Jack eventually did, but are you at all familiar with vodou?\'94\
Jonathan leaned forward. This was the second time he\'92d been asked that in the past few days, Parson Sinews having asked the same question. \'93I vaguely recall having once read an article from the Royal Geographical Society on the subject,\'94 said Jonathan, \'93But I can\'92t say I remember much about that. However, Parson Sinews mentioned that 
\i zombies
\i0  are supposedly made by vodou magic. By these vodou sorcerers.\'94\
Miss Monday nodded.\
\'93Practitioners of vodou believe in spirits called 
\i loa
\i0 . You might think of the loa as 
\i gods
\i0 . The 
\i bokor
\i0  is a servant of the loa, so in this way, he is like a priest. He does not practice 
\i magic. 
\i0 He serves the 
\i loa.\'94\

\i0 \'93But not all 
\i loa
\i0  are kind, benevolent spirits, isn\'92t that right, Miss Monday?\'94 asked Kass.\
Jonathan raised an appraising eyebrow.\
Kass shrugged. \'93I happen to read the Royal Geographical Society papers as well.\'94\
\'93They say that a 
\i bokor
\i0  serves with both hands,\'94 Miss Monday explained. \'93On the one hand, the light\'97healing the sick, protecting the weak. On the other hand, the dark. A 
\i bokor
\i0  that embraces this sort of power is supposedly able to raise the dead.\'94\
Jonathan repeated those words, inflecting meaning into them. \'93Raise the dead, eh?\'94 he muttered.\
\'93Yes, precisely my point,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93The 
\i bokor
\i0  that I was to steal from had apparently amassed quite the following, though his people also feared him. They called him Papa Doc because he was a healer. The light, on the one hand. On the other hand, he had been using his power as a political weapon, creating fear and propaganda. Even his own people feared him, and he slaughtered those who questioned him with uncompromising mercilessness. Jack estimated that Papa Doc had killed 
\i thousands.
\i0 \'94\
\'93Nice chap,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Yes, well, they made him president,\'94 she said.\
\'93So you was there to steal from the president of \'91aiti?\'94 asked Kip Lockwood, in awe. \'93My god.\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head. \'93That was the pretense. You see, while Jack had assured me that I was only there to steal something from Papa Doc, I later learned that I was there to kill him.\'94\
\'93My god!\'94 Kip repeated.\
Miss Monday continued. \'93The airship eventually touched down in the city of Port-Au-Prince, with a backdrop of sunny skies and palm trees. Jack must have been sweltering beneath his plague doctor\'92s mask, but still he kept it strapped to his face.\
\'93As we climbed down from the dirigible, I heard the unmistakable but muffled voice of a lady. I looked down to see a woman in a red walking dress, her thick black hair tightly braided into cornrows. She carried a parasol and wore white gloves on her hands, which she waved to get our attention. Her neck revealed a glimpse of her smooth, coffee-brown skin. Her face was covered by a mask that was identical to the one that Jack wore. The mask of the Resurrectionists. Of course, I didn\'92t know what the mask meant at the time. My associates valued their anonymity even more than their comfort. She must have been sweating buckets beneath the leather mask. But in my business, discretion is the better part of valor. I assumed this was why she wore the mask. Now, I'm not so certain.\
\'93Jack introduced her as Dr. Mircalla Karnstein, which must have been a pseudonym, given that she was the daughter of a Frenchman and a native Haitian. I can\'92t think of a name that\'92s any 
\i less 
\i0 French than Karnstein. Of course, in my line of work nearly everyone uses a nom de plume. I hadn\'92t yet become Miss Monday, so I introduced myself simply as Miss Grey. Dr. Karnstein\'92s English was heavily accented and at times difficult to understand, so the conversation was tedious, as neither Jack, nor I spoke a word of French. Eventually, with the niceties out of the way, she took us to a steam-powered paddlewheel boat, which she\'92d hired to take us the rest of the way to what she explained was the small town where it had all begun and where Papa Doc kept his army of zombies.\'94\
\'93When you say 
\i zombies
\i0 \'97\'94 Kass began to ask.\
\'93I mean the supposedly resurrected dead,\'94 said Annabel. She swallowed a sip of tea, and added, \'93Raised and controlled by the 
\i Bokor
\i0 .\'94\
\'93No wonder this Papa Doc was so feared,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93You have no idea,\'94 Annabel replied. \'93Shall I skip to the good part?\'94\
\'93You should have 
\i begun 
\i0 with the good part,\'94 said Roderick.}