{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Anthony Tidkins, n\'e9e Jack Bernhardt\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 Role in Story:		Antagonist\
Occupation:		Scientist/Doctor, or \'93Actor\'94\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0  	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
Physical Description:	Anthony is not an attractive man. His chin, average. His eyes, pale. His cheekbones, just so slightly too high. His lips, just a bit too thin. His body, under muscled, weak.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 He is also an albino, and has unnaturally white hair, pale skin, pale and rose-hued eyes. Anthony regularly wears the leather mask of an old-fashioned plague doctor, in the fashion of his mentor, Dr. Allen, and in the fashion of The Resurrectionists.\
\
	Personality:	\
\
	Habits/Mannerisms:	\
\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0  	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Background:	Anthony Tidkins is a pseudonym (Anthony Tidkins is the Resurrection Man in the Mysteries of London, a penny dreadful). The man\'92s real name is Jack Bernhardt.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Bernhardt was a child prodigy who had mastered the medical arts and taken up the trade of doctor at the age of thirteen, tutored by Dr. Allen, being estranged from his family.\u8232 \u8232 With a grand vision of curing death, Bernhardt made a study of resurrection, looking into the Haitian practice of zombies. Through this pursuit, he meets Rachelle Vincent and learns about a concoction that creates the appearance of death as well as memory loss and susceptibility to suggestion. He also learns about the unliving. Later, Bernhardt becomes a member of The Resurrectionists.\
\
Internal Conflicts:		Anthony Tidkins, perhaps once a good man, has lived an unusual life. Giving up his schooling in order to help people with his \'93gift,\'94 he has devoted his life to the pursuit of science and medical knowledge. Later, he was approached by the Resurrectionists, and brought into the fold. Finally, recognized by reputable scientists, Tidkins is charmed into unethical practices, \'93for the good of mankind,\'94 or \'93for the sake of science.\'94\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Later, when he was asked to create a behaviour-altering drug that could make soldiers fearless, he is unknowingly force-fed his own drug. His behaviour becomes increasingly megalomaniacal, his scientific pursuits increasingly unethical.\
External Conflicts:	 	Anthony Tidkins wishes to create a two-stage cure for death. Stage one is the Lazarus Virus. Stage two is an antiserum, which cures the victim of Lazarus, leaving them alive but now immune to the effects of death. However, with the Agency constantly interfering with his plans, he must come up with a way to get them out of the picture.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 He creates an army of unliving men with mechanical contraptions in order to cause a distraction, while he releases the plague upon the city, in order to use the city of London as test subjects. \
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0  	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Notes:	}