{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 While he walked, his mind was at work. Bailey wandered the sidewalk, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A8DD4F85-BF27-4B27-B4E0-BEEB5AEFDEE0"}}{\fldrslt sniffing for owls and }}perking his ears up at the sound of distant crickets. Night had fallen.\
Occasionally, they heard the sounds of zombies in the distance, and Roderick tightened his grip on his cane.\
A corvine bird perched on the archway of a house.\
\'93Quoth the raven,\'94 Roderick muttered.\
Bailey continued to sniff the ground, and Roderick paced anxiously beside him. \'93Just do your business, my boy. The sooner we get back inside, the better.\'94\
Though Bailey had been inside all day, the smell of the city had changed so drastically, he was too unsettled to mark his territory just yet. He needed to explore a bit first. Roderick\'92s neighborhood seemed deserted, so he let the dog be, but kept a tight hand on the leash, and kept his eyes and ears open.\
\'93Good lad, don\'92t you think, Bailey?\'94 Roderick said, thinking of R\'e9my.\
He sighed wistfully. The boy obviously adored him, and Roderick felt a pang of guilt for leading him on. Guilt coupled with longing. It was not that Roderick didn\'92t return his affection. But Roderick\'92s mind was occupied by more than just romantic affections. He didn\'92t have time to allow fickle things like love to distract him. There were zombies about.\
Zombies. The word still felt foreign on his tongue. It still felt impossible. While many people were quick to accept the supernatural, Roderick was a sceptic. Belief in the supernatural was not merely normal; it was in vogue. In a city where spiritualist mediums and fortune tellers could be as famous as actors and actresses, Roderick\'92s skepticism was a rarity. Fashionable men and women had seances to contact their loved ones from beyond the grave. Ghosts, vampires, werewolves. What reason did anyone have to doubt their existence?\
As for Roderick, his father had been a policeman, as well as an alcoholic. Edward Steen had made a modest salary as a detective at Scotland Yard, in spite of his inability to refuse a glass of whiskey when one was proffered. He\'92d retired young, if retirement was the right word. The truth was that he\'92d drank himself out of a job. Roderick\'92s wealth was not inherited; it was earned. Roderick hadn\'92t seen his father in years, and almost never thought about him. It was strange that Roderick should think of him now.\
Edward Steen 
\i was
\i0  superstitious. He believed that murderers were possessed by devils, that sin was a gateway for demons to cross over into our world. Perhaps that was exactly why Roderick was so steadfastly logical. Perhaps this was also why he never let a drop of liquor touch his lips. Edward Steen had always preferred cats to dogs, drink to drugs, and superstition to logic.\
But then, what if an irrefutable fact presented itself, one which explained the logic behind the superstition. If pragmatism must prevail, then Roderick was forced to consider that even myths may have a foundation in truth. Here, in this city, Roderick had seen the dead rise. He had seen them feast on the flesh of the living. If he could not trust his own eyes, what could he trust?\
Roderick tried to shake off the curious sensation that he had fallen down a rabbit hole and was likely to open his eyes and find himself in his own bed at any moment.\
\'93Bailey,\'94 he called.\
Silence greeted him in return. The leash had somehow slipped from his hand. He swore, cursed himself for letting his mind wander.\
No jangling collar. No scampering feet. No hyperactively sniffing snout. Just the unnerving silence of 
\i Dead London
\i0 . He whirled around, seeking any sign of his furry friend. A single flickering gas lamp cast long shadows onto the square brick buildings that lined the road. It was nearly dawn, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://586BBE6E-0651-496A-AAC0-B3F99498E280"}}{\fldrslt but the street was still dark.}}\
\'93Bailey,\'94 he called again.\
A layer of fog drifted along the cobblestones. He heard a sound that might have been Bailey\'92s collar and spun in the direction of the sound. He saw only a chain attached to a locked gate, rattling in the wind.\
\'93Bailey, where have you gone, boy?\'94 he called out into the dark.\
He stood, helpless, on the side of the street, his arms wide, imploring, calling Bailey to him.\
Finally, a sound broke through the unnerving silence. The movement of feet. He followed the sound, despite the danger of wandering an alleyway alone in a city plagued by the dead.\
Throwing caution to the wind, he stepped into the alley, following the footsteps into the darkness. His eyes still adjusting to the gloom, he made his way through the alley almost entirely by sound alone. The footsteps stopped, but he followed them, until he nearly walked straight into their source.\
A man stood there, still mostly indistinguishable in the darkness. His back was to Roderick, and in this dim light, he was more shadow than man. But perhaps he\'92d seen his dog. Perhaps Bailey had followed his scent in search of a new playmate.\
Speaking of scent, even Roderick could have followed this man\'92s scent. He must have been living in this alleyway; even in the stench of London, the man\'92s smell was potent. He smelled sickly. Like walking death.\
Roderick felt a knot beginning to form in the pit of his stomach. An unsettling chill that came not from the night\'92s cold breeze, but from the fear that crept up his spine. Fear that this man was not living.\
\'93Sir,\'94 he said, desperation overcoming his fear. \'93My dog,\'94 he pleaded. \'93Have you seen my dog? He must have come this way.\'94\
The man didn\'92t turn. Not right away. Just kept on chewing. Yes, he was eating something. Chewing noisily. The scent of fresh meat penetrated even the homeless man\'92s own sour stench of sweat and rot.\
\'93Please,\'94 said Roderick. \'93My dog\'97\'94\
Finally, the man turned.\
Roderick recoiled. His face. It was covered in blood and meat. He could see that, even in the darkness. Blood and meat. His teeth, glistening, red, chunks of meat between his teeth. Chewing noisily upon gristle and flesh. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DAA2E583-2CB9-4C22-9679-F26E316D094C"}}{\fldrslt In his hands, a ravaged handful of meat and wet fur.}}}