{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 R\'e9my was first out the door. Jonathan called out to stop him. In the corner of his eye, he saw Miss Monday\'92s teacup fall to the floor and shatter as she abandoned her chair.\
\'93R\'e9my, wait!\'94 she called, but the young man was already out the door and headed into the street.\
Even the ground was rotten\'97fallen leaves, wet with rain, squelched under Jonathan\'92s feet as he hurried after them.\
\'93Stay here!\'94 he called to Palmer, Kass, and Lockwood, who halted at the door. \'93We\'92ll be back in a moment.\'94\
He was already losing Miss Monday and R\'e9my, whose silhouettes were disappearing into the fog and the dark. Dawn was beginning to break, a vermilion streak across the horizon, while the slender sickle-like blade of a crescent moon still hung from the sky, but the fog seemed to devour all light. It gave everything a yellowed appearance, like an aged photograph.\
\'93Which way did the scream come from?\'94 he asked, when he managed to catch up to Monday. \'93Are you sure we\'92re headed the right way?\'94\
As if in answer, they heard another scream. If there had been any doubt that it was Roderick\'92s voice, that doubt was gone now.\
\'93Roderick!\'94 R\'e9my cried, and tore down the street in pursuit of his lover.\
\'93Quiet,\'94 Jonathan hissed. \'93Are you trying to wake the dead?\'94\
That expression took on new meaning. So far they\'92d been lucky not to run into any zombies in Roderick\'92s neighborhood, but the dead were around. They were everywhere, wandering like ghosts through the shadows. The inhuman sound of distant, hungry moaning had become a soundscape as constant as the striations of crickets in a cornfield, each voice blending with another. The sound was punctuated only by the occasional screams of the living as they either ran for cover or were eaten alive. Whatever had made Roderick scream was probably a zombie.\
But R\'e9my carried on, heedless of Jonathan\'92s warning, abandoning caution and tearing loudly down the street, his leather boots slapping against the stone street as loud as gunshots in the near-silence.\
\'93He\'92s going to get himself killed,\'94 Miss Monday hissed.\
\'93He\'92s going to get 
\i us
\i0  killed,\'94 Jonathan said. \'93Are you armed?\'94\
Miss Monday rolled her eyes\'97including her clockwork prosthesis\'97and raised her crossbow. \'93What kind of question is that?\'94 she asked. \'93Have you met me?\'94\
\'93Come on then,\'94 Jonathan said.\
They hurried after R\'e9my, hoping they weren\'92t too late to save Roderick, and that Miss Monday\'92s prediction wouldn\'92t come true.}