{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Roderick screamed. His vision swam as he blinked back tears and choked back the vomit that threatened to spill from his throat. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Bailey
\i0 , he thought in horror. 
\i Oh, god, Bailey!\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 He turned and fled. It was all he could do. It was too late to save his furry friend.\
Behind him, a dead man shoveled mouthfuls of meat and fur into his mouth, and Roderick could still hear him chewing. It was deafening. He lost his footing, fell to the ground, head-first. Slammed into the hard stone, but barely felt it. He scrambled to rise, but he hurt more than he realized. It was difficult to move.\
He felt a warm tongue on his face and reeled back in panic, and screamed again. In a moment, he was back on his feet and was turning to flee. But as he ran, he spared a glance back at the creature that had licked his face. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8647CB77-D866-4452-86E1-21424BD6758C"}}{\fldrslt Standing there, wagging his tail happily, was Bailey.}}\
He blinked in confusion. He looked back at the zombie who still stood there, noisily chewing. He looked back again at Bailey. Unharmed. Untouched. Whatever the zombie was eating, it wasn\'92t his dog.\
\'93Good god, Bailey, you worried me!\'94\
Confusion turned to relief. He reached down and scooped up his dog into his arms, cradled him like a child, and Bailey returned his affection as dogs do, licking the dirt from his face.\
\'93Must have been a rat,\'94 he muttered. London was teeming with rats, now fat with the flesh of the dead in their bellies.\
But there was little time to rejoice in his reunion with Bailey. The dead man had finished his meal and had begun to advance toward the duo, mouth still bloody but clearly still hungry.\
Roderick turned to flee, and nearly stumbled into another shadowy figure, which blocked his path and snarled.\
He stepped back. There were more of them behind the zombie nearest him. In each direction, at least a dozen of them shuffled forward in the dark. His screams must have drawn them.\
Bailey in his arms. He drew his gun and fired six shots. Six bodies fell, and his gun was empty. He drew his cane-sword.\
The dead men continued to close in, climbing over the bodies of the fallen, while Roderick continued to back up. He inched further from one cluster of zombies but closer to the other. But as he backed up through the dark, foggy alleyway, he spotted a door.\
The side door to some shop, or somebody\'92s house, Roderick wasn\'92t sure which.\
He put his hand on the knob and tried the door. He swore. It was locked.\
The wood was old, splintered, the doorknob flimsy. Perhaps he could force it open. Not with Bailey in his arms though. He set the dog down. The zombies continued to move in on them.\
\'93Stay,\'94 he said, sternly.\
Then he slammed into the door, putting his shoulder into it. It looked like the flimsy, structurally unsound sort of door that might cave in under a hard shoulder-check, but the door did not yield. He tried again, slamming into it with all his weight.\
Bailey began to bark.\
Again, Roderick slammed into the door, and again, it refused to budge.\
Meanwhile, the dead men closed in, shuffling slowly on limbs stiffened by rigor mortis.\
Bravely, Bailey tried to fend them off with his bark, yapping loudly to ward them off. Still, they advanced, paying him no mind, even as he snapped at their ankles. Roderick shouted at him to stay, but they weren\'92t interested in Bailey. Not with Roderick so close they could almost reach out and touch him.\
\'93There\'92s a good dog,\'94 he said. \'93Keep them busy, my friend. This is it. One last shot.\'94\
He stepped back as far as he could and aimed once more for the door, putting everything he could into it.}