{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Roderick slammed into the door again, but still it held. His shoulder ached with his efforts, but the wood was beginning to splinter. It might have been boarded up from the inside. Still, another few kicks and it would swing open. Only there was no time. The zombies were at arm\'92s length. He raised his cane-sword. It was all he had to defend himself with now that his gun was empty.\
At least it was better than the feeble letter opener he\'92d had earlier. He swung at the nearest of them. He sliced through the brittle skull of another, hacked off the jaw of a third. It came at him again, leering with its face sliced in two. There were too many of them. He tried to take a step back, but hit the wall of the building. There was nowhere to run, and no way he could fight them off.\
A gunshot rang out in the small space of the alleyway. Roderick ducked and covered his head as another shot was fired. One of the zombies staggered and fell, a crossbow bolt through its skull. Out of the corner of his eye, Roderick could see two figures firing in his direction. If they missed, they\'92d hit Roderick. He wondered if they could even see him in the dark.\
\'93Careful!\'94 he called. \'93I\'92m not one of them!\'94\
Bailey barked in agreement.\
Apparently ignoring his instruction, the dark figure with the crossbow fired another shot. His aim was good, however, and another zombie hit the ground, bolt piercing through its eye. Shakily, Roderick got to his feet.\
He could still count a dozen zombies, but he might actually stand a fighting chance now that he had help. Another gunshot rang out, followed by another crossbow bolt that went flying into one of the zombie\'92s throats. Syrupy, dark clots of{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3B864BE2-7073-46A6-A887-BDAFF935973D"}}{\fldrslt  blood }}oozed from the creature\'92s throat, but it still staggered forward, heedless of the bolt in its neck.\
Roderick slammed the point of his sword into the creature\'92s eye, and drove it in deep. With a slurp of blade against brain and bone, he pulled the blade free and whirled it again.\
The next zombie to come at him was a woman, her dress dirty and tattered. Her organs spilled out of her, wet and rotten. Her belly was swollen with pregnancy, but it had been ripped open, the umbilical cord hanging loose from the gaping hole in her stomach. Feeling sick with pity and disgust, Roderick staggered back, and took a moment to steel himself for what he had to do.\
He looked into the woman\'92s eyes to remind himself that she was already dead. Then he ran his sword through her. She didn\'92t scream or cry out as she died. She simply fell silent and stopped moving. She hit the ground, mouth hanging open.\
Roderick\'92s heart pounded. He gritted his teeth, wiped the sweat from his brow with his handkerchief, and deftly whirled his blade.\
Finally, his freshly changed clothes soiled with gore, a pile of corpses surrounded him and his dog, and he sheathed his cane-sword. He took a moment to allow his nerves to steady.\
\'93It\'92s alright, Bailey,\'94 he said, though the dog was relatively calm.\
It was Roderick that needed the assurance. He tried not to look at the sea of corpses that surrounded him. He tried not to think about the lives these men and women had once had, as he gingerly stepped over their mutilated and rotten bodies. The pregnant woman in particular left a lasting impression in his mind.\
He raised his hand as he approached the shadowy figures in the alley. His saviors.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 he said.\
As he drew nearer, dawn\'92s light steadily rising, fog clearing to reveal faces, he recognized Miss Monday as the crossbow wielder. The man with the gun was Jonathan.\
Roderick smiled, relief turning to embarrassment. He let out a nervous laugh.\
\'93Well, that was more of an adventure than we bargained for, eh Bailey?\'94 he said. \'93I\'92m lucky to see you two.\'94\
Jonathan said nothing, face grave, blood in his hair and on his hands. Miss Monday\'92s face and clothes were stained with blood. She wiped her face and panted for breath.\
\'93We\'92d better get back,\'94 she said, \'93God knows how many of these rotten things there are wandering about.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Roderick, who followed as she turned on her heel and headed back in the other direction.\
Jonathan halted him with a hand on his shoulder.\
\'93What is it?\'94 he asked.\
He took another look at his friend\'92s face. His expression was not merely grave. There were tears in the corner of his eyes, pity written on his brow.\
\'93What\'92s happened?\'94 he asked.\
That\'92s when he noticed that the blood on Jonathan\'92s face and hands was still wet and bright, unlike the blood of the zombies. It was fresh, and it wasn\'92t Jonathan\'92s own.\
Roderick\'92s heart stopped. A hard lump formed in his throat. He tried to speak, and found that he couldn\'92t. His mouth was dry. The words froze on his lips.\
\'93No,\'94 he said, at last. His voice was a quiet whisper, raw with rage and pain. He wanted to scream, but the word came out silent, choked and broken, a silent sob.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93R\'e9my?\'94 he said, searching his friend\'92s face for some sign that he\'92d misunderstood, that it was someone\'97anyone else\'97who\'92d died. Palmer, or Lockwood, or even Miss Clementine. Roderick would have given anyone else\'92s life just to know that R\'e9my was still alive. He\'92d never told R\'e9my how much he loved him, how much he meant to him. He hadn\'92t even realized it himself, until now that he was gone.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 Jonathan said again, but Roderick couldn\'92t hear him over the sound of his own heart beating.\
They followed Miss Monday back to Roderick\'92s house, but Roderick was barely aware of his surroundings, even as Monday cleared the path with her crossbow and Jonathan with his gun. He simply followed along blindly. He could have been eaten alive by the dead and he would hardly have felt it\'97all he could think about was R\'e9my. All he could see was his face. All he could feel\'97the last kiss they\'92d shared.\
He was vaguely aware that they\'92d made it back to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://02238023-7139-430C-9B94-299889DD8A6F"}}{\fldrslt his place}}, of Lockwood and Kass and Palmer staring in dumbstruck horror as they realized that R\'e9my hadn\'92t made it back. In the edge of his vision, he saw Bailey whimpering and circling anxiously around his leg.\
\'93They\'92re going to pay,\'94 he said, finally, gritting his teeth. \'93They\'92re going to pay for this.\'94}