{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Mrs. Hatton\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Role in Story:	\
\
	Occupation:	\
Widow\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0    	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
Physical Description:	\
\
	Personality:	\
\
	Habits/Mannerisms:	\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0    	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Background:	\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj
\cf0 Mrs. Hatton was the eldest in the company, a woman nearing fifty years of age who had the appearance of a woman no younger than sixty. Widowed several times over by a multitude of gentlemen half again twice her age and wealth, she was now bedecked richly but garishly in the latest fashions and jewelry. Her cheeks were brightly blushed, and she wore a shade of bright pink around her eyes. Even to dine, she refused to remove her hat, a broad peacock feathered wide-brimmed chapeau which sat on an angle atop her greying auburn locks.\
\
As she explains, \'93I have ever been a victim of circumstance. And as you further know, society loves to blame the victim. I am not, as rumour would have you believe, a gold-digging murderess, intent on my husbands\'92 fortunes. But I have been abused with that notion; I have received every sort of punishment short of being locked away, for these crimes I am supposed to have committed. I have been outcast, nay, banished, from popular society\'97a pariah. I have long known the truth of my husbands\'92 deaths, even witnessed some of them, but I have always lacked the evidence to corroborate my claims. That is my goal. That is my interest in the matter.\'94\
\
Not all of this is entirely true. For instance, she did at least attempt the murder of at least one of her husbands, managing to badly burn most of his face. Furthermore, her interest in the matter of Dr. Allen has little if nothing to due with her interest in clearing her name as a gold-digger, but more to due with her suspicion that her maimed husband had not succumbed to his injuries but had later changed his surname to Allen.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
Internal Conflicts:	\
\
	External Conflicts:	 \
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0    	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Notes:	}