{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 As Mr. Palmer\'92s map made clear, only three of the Grimmer Company offices provided access to the Resurrectionist hideout. Palmer\'92s own office had the secret elevator, as did Charles Grimmer\'92s former office, and Mrs. Grimmers. There was a fourth and final access point from within the printing company. This was not an elevator but a hidden staircase, which led from the library to the 
\i Beta
\i0  
\i Laboratory
\i0 , which was shared by a number of the Resurrectionist\'92s scientists, and which was connected to the 
\i Alpha Laboratory 
\i0 by a long hallway. In between the two laboratories were a number of offices, libraries, smaller medical labs, and living quarters for the scientists. The holding cells where Annabel and Parson Sinews had been held were in an adjacent hallway. They would have to stop by the holding cells in order to rescue Sinews, as well, assuming he hadn\'92t already been moved to Chateau d\'92If.\
Aside from the elevators and the hidden staircase within the Grimmer Company, there was also a ladder that was accessible via a tailor\'92s shop across the street. The shop was a front, its only purpose to allow the Resurrectionists to access the facility without arousing the suspicions of the Grimmer Company\'92s employees.\
Annabel had chosen a different point of access for herself and Abraham Palmer. Jonathan was to use the entrance in the tailor\'92s shop, while Roderick Steen would use the front door. That had been his own suggestion. After all, Mrs. Grimmer might not be in the underground facility. She might just be on the ground floor of the Grimmer Company, in which case there would be no need for Roderick to sneak into the underground facility. If necessary, he would sneak into the company library and access the facility via the hidden staircase.}