{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jonathan sat up, nursing an awful headache. He blinked and looked around. It took a few moments, despite the familiarity of his surroundings, for Jonathan to figure out where the hell he was. He was still on the airship. 
\i Why was he still on the airship?
\i0  He was supposed to be headed to the tailor across the street from the Grimmer Company, and searching for the hidden entrance to the underground facility. It was an experience Jonathan was familiar with, waking up with no recollection of how he\'92d gotten there, but on this particular occasion there was no smell of alcohol on his breath. He certainly had the headache and foggy memory he associated with a hangover, but he was sure he hadn\'92t been drinking.\
As the fog cleared from his mind, he began to remember what had happened. After Miss Monday had described her plan, the crew had begun to file out the door. As Jonathan turned to leave, he\'92d been forestalled by a hand on his shoulder.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \'93A moment of your time, Jonathan?\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 It was Abraham Palmer.\
Jonathan pulled himself to his feet, and surveyed the empty room. The bartender had been dismissed, so Jonathan grabbed a bottle from behind the bar and took a swig to ease the ache in his head.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \'93Of course,\'94
\i0  he remembered answering.\
As he\'92d told Miss Monday, Jonathan trusted Palmer. After all, Jonathan\'92s parents had been so consumed by their business with the Grimmer Company that Jonathan had practically been raised by servants, and by the employees at the printing company. Palmer had been more of a father to him than Charles Grimmer ever had. Everything that he\'92d learned about the printing business he\'92d learned from Palmer.\

\i \'93I\'92d like to ask you something, and I\'92d like to be direct, if I may,\'94 said Mr. Palmer, taking a seat at the tea table and directing Jonathan to do the same. When Jonathan was settled, Palmer continued, \'93There was a moment in your childhood. You must have been about seven or eight years old. I wanted to know if you remembered it.\'94\
\'93What moment?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93Ah, so you 
\i0 don\'92t
\i  remember?\'94 Palmer replied. \'93The doctor said you might not. You weren\'92t yourself at the time, after all.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 Jonathan said. He wasn\'92t following. Not at all.
\i0 \
What had Palmer meant? Jonathan took another swig of absinthe, straight from the bottle, and headed to the library, where his father had kept his gun collection. His gun had been removed from his belt.\

\i \'93You were exposed to the Lazarus Virus.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 He remembered Palmer\'92s words, though he had no memory of the incident Palmer was describing.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \'93We don\'92t know how you contracted the virus, but it was an earlier strain. You were feverish, delirious. You weren\'92t yourself. It\'92s a blessing you don\'92t remember it.\'94\
\'93I remember\'85being sick. I remember having a fever.\'94\
\'93It was no ordinary fever. Under the careful ministrations of Dr. Allen, you recovered from your illness. But that was not the end of things. A servant had been bitten. She took to the fever, and was sent home to recover. Of course, she didn\'92t recover; she got worse. The virus spreads easily. A bite. A scratch. Jonathan\'92s father began trying to track down incidences of attacks involving the infected, hunting down the zombies, throwing their bodies into the Thames, and covering up their deaths. Eventually, a more sophisticated means of dealing with the virus became necessary. The virus was impossible to contain. That was why your father built the laboratory beneath the Grimmer Company. It\'92s also why I believe the Resurrectionists are our only chance of finding a cure.\'94
\i0 \
Jonathan felt sick. He grabbed two pistols, shoved one in his belt, and kept the other in his hand. He swallowed another mouthful of liquor, but his head still ached. He made his way to the window and looked outside. They were still moored in place, floating near the Grimmer Company.\

\i \'93The first batch of the antiserum was derived from corvine birds, which possess a natural resistance to the virus. Not all animals do, you see.
\i0  
\i So, crows became a subject of interest to Dr. Allen. He believed, given their natural immunity, that they might allow him to synthesize an antiserum. Apparently his obsession was passed on to his assistant, Jack Bernhardt.\'94
\i0 \
Jonathan tried to remember how he knew that name. Jack Bernhardt? Wasn\'92t that the name of the man who hired Miss Monday to steal Papa Doc\'92s research in Haiti? The man who later became Anthony Tidkins? And wasn\'92t Dr. Allen his mentor? His mind was sluggish. He\'92d been drugged.\

\i \'93Through his research, Dr. Allen became unintentionally exposed to the virus. Lazarus works in two stages. In stage one, the virus slowly kills the host body. It is only in stage two that the body becomes a zombie. As Dr. Allen was in stage one, he became useful as a test subject for the antiserum. If the Resurrectionists could cure that stage of the virus, we could harness immortality; the virus would act only to keep the body alive after death, but without the other negative side effects: necrosis, rot, the primal urge to eat living flesh.
\i0 \

\i \'93The infected would not be zombies, but undead. The antiserum actually showed promise. It worked to a point, preventing the virus from killing him, but it was still not a cure. Dr. Allen was dying; we were only delaying the inevitable. He believed that crows would not suffice to provide a cure. The cure had to come from humans. Humans who\'92d been exposed to Lazarus and survived.\'94\
\'93Like me and Miss Monday, you mean,\'94 said Jonathan.
\i0 \

\i \'93Yes,\'94 Palmer answered. \'93Of course, Mrs. Grimmer forbid the Resurrectionists from using you as their test subject. I tried to persuade them to use only Miss Monday, to stay away from you. But Miss Monday proved elusive. But the Resurrectionists had another solution. The Dead London Project. If your mother had simply been willing to give you up, that could have been prevented. Still, once they find the cure, this will all be set to rights.\'94\
Jonathan\'92s mind was whirling. So many things just didn\'92t add up. Even working from within, how could Palmer know so much?
\i0 \

\i \'93Once 
\i0 we
\i  find a cure, you mean? After we recover their research, we\'92ll find a cure, as we discussed. We don\'92t need the Resurrectionists.\'94
\i0 \

\i Palmer laughed. \'93Don\'92t be naive,\'94 said Palmer. \'93The Resurrectionists have been studying the virus for years. Anthony Tidkins is still our best hope of finding a cure for Lazarus.\'94\
Jonathan pushed his chair back a little, watching Palmer uneasily. Palmer twitched when Jonathan moved his chair.
\i0 \

\i \'93I don\'92t care,\'94 Jonathan said, his tone challenging Palmer, brooking no argument. \'93We\'92re not getting into bed with the Resurrectionists, not after what they\'92ve done. They need to be stopped. We\'92ll find a cure without their help.\'94
\i0 \

\i \'93I was afraid you might say that,\'94 said Palmer. \'93That\'92s why I put something in your drink.\'94
\i0 \

\i \'93What did you put in my drink?\'94\
Whatever it was, its effects were already working their way through his body. Jonathan felt drowsy. He tried to stand. His knees collapsed. He hit the ground hard.
\i0 \

\i \'93Bastard,\'94 Jonathan groaned as his eyelids grew as heavy as lead weights. \'93What do you intend to do?\'94\
Palmer\'92s voice sounded slow, and hollow, as Jonathan lost consciousness. \'93Miss Monday is going to kill Anthony Tidkins, given half a chance. I intend to stop her, by any means necessary.\'94}