{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel Grey, better known as Miss Monday, crept along the hallway of the Resurrectionists\'92 underground headquarters in the basement of the printing company. Once a research facility for the monster hunters in Charles Grimmer\'92s employ, it was now a sanctuary for the Resurrectionists, monsters themselves. Annabel had to remind herself that not all of the scientists were willing accomplices to Anthony Tidkins\'92 plot. Those who betrayed him were, like Lord Henry Connor, dealt with mercilessly. The scientists were under Tidkins\'92 thumb. They had little choice but to do as he said. Still, if it came down to it, she wouldn\'92t hesitate to kill them. If it couldn\'92t be helped.\
\'93This way.\'94\
She turned to follow Abraham Palmer down a hallway she hadn\'92t been down before. It was impossible to guess the size of the facility, but it seemed labyrinthine, given the number of unexplored corridors, offices, and laboratories.\
It was only due to Mr. Palmer\'92s hand-drawn map of the complex and his knowledge of its layout that they were able to find the 
\i Beta Laboratory
\i0 . With a silent exchange of glances, she signaled that she was ready and waited for Palmer\'92s confirmation. He slipped on his Resurrection mask, and nodded.   Annabel hid her crossbow behind her hip, out of view. She pushed open the door with her other hand.\
The 
\i Beta Lab 
\i0 put its 
\i Alpha
\i0  counterpart to shame, at least in size. It was a vast, open space that made Annabel forget how deep underground they were. A number of enormous machines took up space within the room, boilers at work, hissing steam, chemicals running through tubes. Several rows of operating tables spanned the room, tubes running from the machines to the bodies on the tables. Colorful liquid pumped into their veins, while they struggled against their bonds. Each body on each table was strapped down, wrists and ankles cuffed so tight the bonds cut into their skin. Not that they would feel it; they were zombies.\
Despite the barbaric experiments that were conducted here, there was a clinical cleanliness to the room, a thorough organization to the madness. Annabel wondered if the men on the operating tables had been dead when the experiments had started, whether it was the disease or the cure the Resurrectionists were pumping into their veins. She knew they had no qualms about spreading the deadly disease.\
A series of hazy black and white photographs were pinned to one of the walls. Unusual photographs, they revealed the subjects\'92 skeletons.\
Another section of the laboratory seemed to be dedicated to the study of those corvine birds that had provided the emblem for the Resurrectionists. Tubes filled with blood were stored in a glass cabinet, kept cool by some mechanical device. Condensation had formed upon the glass.\
A dozen dissected birds were mounted with labeled pins, while the living birds squawked in their cages as scientists pricked them with needles, either drawing blood or injecting the crows with something. It was part rookery, part slaughterhouse, part monster hospital.\
For a minute, Annabel and Palmer went unobserved, which gave them ample time to take stock of the laboratory. Eventually, the scientists seemed to notice the presence of the intruders. Annabel made a quick count of the Resurrectionists. Eight of them. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2F530738-8568-447C-97D3-B5BCE7D4EA42"}}{\fldrslt She had more than enough bullets, not to mention crossbow bolts.}}\
She recognised one of them, despite the mask he wore. His posture, greying hair, and age-spotted skin gave him away. Lifting his mask with one hand, he coughed into a handkerchief, then took a puff of air from a device that was hooked up to a cylindrical tank. He lowered his mask, again covering his mouth. But Annabel was sure of who it was. Dr. Jekyll, the scientist she\'92d first encountered in the lab that housed the zombie in the fish-tank.\
Annabel was surprised to see he hadn\'92t yet succumbed to the Lazarus Virus. He was clearly suffering from its effects, but the fact that he was still living suggested he had some sort of resistance. Perhaps the scientists were already close to finding a cure.\
\'93What are you doing here?\'94 he asked, staring at her confusion.\
\'93How\'92s the head?\'94 she asked.\
Jekyll put a hand to his head where she\'92d hit him, but he said nothing.\
Palmer quieted her with a look. She frowned, but let him take the lead.\
\'93I have the subject in hand,\'94 said Palmer, taking her in hand and nudging her forward. He used his own body to help her conceal her weapon.\
This had been Annabel\'92s plan. If this had been an ordinary burglary, Annabel would have stole into the laboratory, avoiding direct confrontation, and taking the research right from under the Resurrectionists\'92 noses. But the facility was too heavily guarded, and the Resurrectionists were on the lookout for her. Better to treat this mission as a heist than as a burglary, to favor deception over stealthiness.\
The Resurrectionists believed that Palmer was loyal to their cause. He might have jeopardized that by helping Annabel escape, but Annabel figured he could regain their trust by bringing her in as his captive. Then, once their guard was down, they would strike.\
\'93She escaped from the holding cell,\'94 said Palmer. \'93I managed to recapture her. I understand she was a subject of interest, given her exposure to the Lazarus Virus.\'94\
\'93Good, very good. Get her strapped down. There\'92s an empty table, just there.\'94\
Slowly, Palmer moved her forward, careful to angle himself so as to keep her weapon hidden from view, until he stood adjacent to Dr. Jekyll. Only then did Palmer let her go.\
The moment he did, she caught Dr. Jekyll in a headlock, aiming her crossbow at his skull. He yelped in surprise, and some of the Resurrectionists drew their own weapons. Only two of them were armed. After all, these men were scientists. Not all of the Resurrectionists were fighters.\
Annabel positioned herself so that they didn\'92t have a clean shot at her without risking killing Dr. Jekyll.\
\'93Put your guns down,\'94 she instructed.\
\'93Do as she says,\'94 said Palmer.\
Slowly, careful not to make any sudden moves, the gentlemen complied.\
\'93Good. Now, you\'92re going to collect whatever notes you have on the Lazarus Virus, and you\'92re going to hand them over to my friend here. Quickly, before I decide to introduce you to my 
\i other friend
\i0 ,\'94 she said, brandishing the crossbow.\
As instructed, the scientists began collecting pages of notes, gathering stacks of leather-bound notebooks. Years worth of research. It would take ages to sort through these notes, even with the best scientists working on it. They\'92d have to deal with that later. For now, she had other things to worry about.\
She spoke quietly, directing her next words to Dr. Jekyll alone. \'93Where is Jack?\'94\
He moved his head. She wasn\'92t sure if he was trying to answer her, or simply get free of her grasp. Eventually, she realized he was coughing, and she let him take a breath of air from his tank. Once he\'92d caught his breath, she pointed the crossbow at his neck.\
\'93Who?\'94\
\'93Anthony Tidkins,\'94 she said. \'93Where will I find him?\'94\
The doctor made another sound\'97at first Annabel thought he was coughing again, but then he unstrapped his mask, and pulled it from his face. He wasn\'92t coughing. He was laughing.\
The mask had left deep lines on Jekyll\'92s face. He had dark bags beneath his eyes, and his skin was wrinkled and blemished. But it was not just age that marked his skin. In patches, his face was completely black, with lines of grey and violet radiating outward. His neck was peeling. Long strips of skin had fallen away. The flesh beneath the layers of dead skin was beginning to rot.\
Annabel stared open-mouthed. 
\i Was this the result of injecting him with her infected blood? 
\i0 If she was actually immune, could she still have transmitted the virus? She remembered that he had been coughing, hacking up blood, even the first time she met him. This disease, if it was Lazarus, he\'92d had it before she injected her blood into him. He must have been taking some sort of medicine to stop the virus from spreading, but the virus was winning. No wonder he was so dedicated to the Resurrectionist cause, of finding a cure.\
\'93Before you said Anthony Tidkins, you said 
\i Jack
\i0 ,\'94 said Jekyll. \'93You knew him?\'94\
\'93I did,\'94 Annabel answered.\
\'93And yet, you plan on killing him,\'94 said the doctor. \'93Don\'92t try to deny it. I can see it in your eye. And your 
\i other
\i0  eye. It looks like his handiwork. It is, isn\'92t it? You hold Jack responsible for what\'92s become of this city. For spreading the zombies. Perhaps he is responsible. Or perhaps I am, for teaching him. Jack Bernhardt was my apprentice, you know.\'94\
\'93You\'92re Dr. Allen,\'94 Annabel realized. Jack\'92s mentor. Jack had spoken of the doctor often. Just as Annabel had once thought of Jack as the brother she\'92d never had, Dr. Allen had been more of a father to Jack than his own father ever had.\
The man she knew as 
\i Jekyll
\i0  nodded. \'93I am,\'94 he admitted.\
Annabel kept her eyes on the other scientists, while her crossbow remained pointed at Jekyll. Threat lingered in her eyes, and they kept their wary distance. These were scientists, not soldiers. They seemed likely not to intervene so long as she retained the upper hand.\
\'93Jack is our best hope of finding a cure,\'94 said Jekyll. \'93He\'92s
\i  my
\i0  best hope of a cure. So, you still think I\'92m going to tell you where to find him?\'94\
\'93I\'92ll find him without your help,\'94 Annabel said.\
\'93Sorry. But I can\'92t let that happen.\'94 Out of the corner of her eye, Annabel saw Abraham Palmer pointing a gun at her head.\
\'93What are you doing?\'94 she demanded.\
\'93Put down the crossbow,\'94 he said. \'93It\'92s over.\'94\
She cursed under her breath. She\'92d known not to trust Palmer. And now, here was the proof. She should have trusted her instinct, not some man she barely knew.\
She set the crossbow on the floor.}