{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Requires extensive revision\
\
Removed:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 The night Lord Henry Connor was killed, I was hired to take something from his safe. According to Mrs. Grimmer, whatever it was, it was brought here.\'94\
\
\
\'93I would tell you what it was that you stole, but I imagine the science will be beyond your comprehension,\'94 he said.\
\'93Humour me.\'94\
\'93Very well. Are you at all familiar with the work of Nikola Tesla? I imagine not.\'94\
\'93I am, as it happens. I was hired to relieve him of his experiments, on our mutual friend\'92s behalf,\'94 she explained. \'93I made it look like his work had been lost in a fire, but the reality was that Jack had hired me to steal his research.\'94\
\'93You continue to surprise me, Miss Monday,\'94 said Dr. Jekyll, his voice still strained by her headlock. \'93Now, where was I? Ah, yes, Mr. Tesla had been experimenting with a technology that he called teleautomatics. Perhaps you heard about his demonstration of the technology. He used it to control a small boat, operating it with no wires, using a surprisingly small radio controller.\'94\
\'93Go on,\'94 Annabel told him.\
\'93It was Lord Connor\'92s idea to use the technology to control the distribution of the Lazarus Virus. As we speak, there are mechanical crows being released at key points throughout the city. Trafalgar Square, Hyde Park, Borough Market, Westminster Palace. Each crow contains a vial of liquid laced with the Lazarus Virus. With the push of a single button on a single remote, the crows will release the gas. That\'92s what you stole, Miss Monday.\'94\
Annabel\'92s felt the breath stolen from her lungs.\
\'93You\'92re going to destroy the radio controller.\'94\
\'93No,\'94 he replied.\
\'93Yes,\'94 she insisted, pressing the pistol hard against his skull so he\'92d get the message.\
He began to sob.\
\'93No, no, no,\'94 he said, tears staining the inside of his mask. \'93You don\'92t understand. You don\'92t understand.\'94\
\'93Calm down,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92m not going to shoot you, so long as you cooperate. What don\'92t I understand?\'94\
\'93The radio controller\'85\'94 he said, still sobbing, unable to finish his sentence.\
Annabel almost felt sorry for him. After all, the man had been brainwashed by Jack\'92s serum. He might have been a good man, before that.\
\'93What about it?\'94\
\'93The radio controller\'85\'94 Jekyll said again, looking at Annabel out of the corner of his eye. \'93It\'92s already been activated.\'94}