{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Having arrived in the identical office in the basement, Roderick took only a moment or two to investigate, but didn\'92t linger. Instead, he slipped off his shoes as was his custom, and headed into the hallway, acting as the tourist. If he happened to be discovered here, he would feign ignorance. 
\i Just looking for Mrs. Grimmer. I have an appointment
\i0 , he would say. But to his surprise as well as his relief, the hallway was deserted, at least for the moment.\
A series of office doors lined the hallway. He memorized the names on the plaques on each of the doors, but walked past most without bothering to try the locks.\

\i Abraham Palmer, Bartholemew White, R\'e9my Mills, 
\i0 each of these he past without pause. The door labeled 
\i Mrs. Elizabeth Grimmer 
\i0 was locked.
\i  
\i0 He quickly passed the engineer\'92s office, instead pausing at the door of the 
\i Alpha Laboratory
\i0 . It opened with a soft click.\
He peered into the dark, and felt a chill as his eyes settled on a huge glass fish tank filled with murky water. Finding a gas lamp upon the table, he turned it on, and looking over his shoulder, stepped closer to the tank. He placed his hands against the glass and cupping his head in his hands, stared into the dark water. Flecks of meat and skin floated past his eyes. A human finger was settled at the bottom of the tank. It was otherwise empty.\
He stepped back, feeling suddenly ill. He put a hand upon his stomach, and willed himself not to vomit. He cursed, glanced nervously around the room to ensure that he was still alone. In the hall, he heard voices.\
Feigning ignorance if discovered here suddenly didn\'92t seem like an option. Whatever grim experiments took place in this secret laboratory, they were not meant for the prying eyes of the uninitiated. He scurried towards the door and pulled it closed as the voices approached. He dimmed the lamp and locked the door.\
He held his breath as they drew closer. He\'92d known it would only be a matter of time before they followed him down here, but he hadn\'92t expected it to be while he was trapped in a room with a man\'92s finger in an enormous tank of water. He pressed his hand against his mouth to muffle the sound of his breathing, and listened.\
Silence reigned. Then, the doorknob clicked. His heart pounded furiously, and he let out a startled gasp, barely muffled by his hand. The voices resumed.\
\'93It\'92s locked,\'94 he heard. The receptionist from upstairs, he thought.\
\'93Well, open it!\'94 A second voice, male, gruff and impatient.\
\'93I don\'92t have a key,\'94 said the receptionist.\
\'93Of course you don\'92t,\'94 said the man. \'93Bloody useless.\'94\
The voices began to fade, signaling that they were walking away, perhaps to retrieve the key.\
\'93Do you think he\'92s in there?\'94 he heard, indistinct and distant.\
\'93Doesn\'92t matter. We need to get out of here. All hell\'92s about to break loose.\'94\
When the voices finally faded entirely, Roderick turned the light back on and unlocked the door. He couldn\'92t make sense of that last comment, but whatever it meant, he thanked his lucky stars that he\'92d not been caught. He opened the door and returned to the hallway, shutting the door with a shudder.\
After that close call, he ought to have retreated. Any man with sense would have done so, if he\'92d been foolish enough to end up here in the first place. But he didn\'92t think he\'92d have another shot at this, and he wanted to uncover this mystery and catch The Resurrection Man.\
So, he continued, navigating the labyrinthine halls. Once again, he began to hear voices from down the hall. This time, the voices were many, indistinct, almost inhuman. Then he heard gunfire. He chose his path by avoiding the voices. He walked past the cells of a jail, the doors open, the cells empty. Finally, the hall ended.\
The door that stood before him was different from the others. Instead of a name upon the door, there was an address. 44 Allen\'92s Street, it read. As if things could not get more bizarre, a mailbox stood outside the door, and a welcome mat lay upon the threshold of the door. There was a brass knocker upon the door. Under less unsettling circumstances, he might have laughed at the absurdity. Instead, feeling a bit silly, he lifted the knocker, and used it to rap upon the door.\
While Roderick was not one to read penny dreadfuls, he was familiar enough with the story of Dr. Allen to understand the reference to 44 Allen\'92s Street. After all, his father had followed the case almost obsessively. It was how Roderick knew of the Resurrectionists. 44 Allen\'92s Street was supposed to be the address of Dr. Allen.\
The door swung open. An elderly man stood before him. He looked sickly, almost emaciated, his skin jaundiced. He leaned upon a cane for balance, and breathed through a leather mask with tubes connected to a steel cylinder.\
\'93Dr. Allen,\'94 said Roderick. It was not a question. This was definitely him. It was no wonder the police had never caught him, if this was where he was hiding out. Roderick was clenching his fist. Though he was old and sick, there was no escaping what he\'92d done. He cut people into pieces and put them back together again, turned them into automatons, and called it 
\i science
\i0 . \'93You utter fucking bastard.\'94\
\'93Ah, I wasn\'92t expecting company,\'94 Dr. Allen replied, ignoring the slight. \'93To whom do I owe the pleasure?\'94\
\'93Roderick Steen. Sir,\'94 he sneered. He unsheathed his swordstick, pointed it at the murderer, and forcibly entered the faux house.\
\'93And what can I do for you, Mr. Steen?\'94 said the old man, wheeling his oxygen tank backwards as he retreated into his living room. He took a seat with a resigned sigh.\
\'93I want answers,\'94 he said.\
\'93Very well. Shall I make us a pot of tea while we sit down to talk?\'94}