{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick hated not having all the pieces of a puzzle. It made it difficult, if not impossible, to solve. So it was with hardly any concern for any possible danger he might be in, that he sat down for tea with the notorious leader of the Resurrectionists, a known murderer who had easily evaded Scotland Yard when the murders were linked to him.\
\'93Biscuit?\'94 offered the murderer.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 said Roderick, who had an affinity for sweets.\
He added a ridiculously heaping spoonful of sugar to his tea, then reached back into the jar to reload the spoon.\
The doctor scrutinized him. Bare feet upon the ottoman, dandyish in all other regards, he exuded an air of calm composure. It seemed the doctor was trying to determine if it was affected or not. He took another spoonful of sugar for good measure. At last, he took a sip, not taking his eyes off the doctor, whose eyes widened as he watched Roderick\'92s tea ritual.\
\'93Tea with your sugar?\'94\
\'93Are you really a doctor?\'94 Roderick blurted out.\
Allen smiled.\
\'93I am,\'94 he said.\
\'93So, where does that name come from? Some little known penny blood?\'94\
\'93You\'92re very clever, Mr. Steen,\'94 the doctor replied, coughing into a handkerchief, then reaching out for his cup of tea. \'93Resurrectionists do take the names of penny blood characters, but my name is not a pseudonym. Allen is my family name. But that\'92s not what you really want to ask, is it? You want to know about the experiments. How I took people apart and put them back together again, like a tinkerer with an old clock. That\'92s what you want to ask, isn\'92t it?\'94\
\'93I have 
\i many
\i0  questions,\'94 Roderick replied, \'93But sure, let\'92s start with the murders.\'94\
\'93Murder is a bit of a dysphemism, don\'92t you think? I never wanted to kill anybody. I was hired by the military to conduct research on genetics. When my experiments failed\'97\'94\
\'93Experiments for what purpose?\'94 Roderick interjected.\
The doctor gave a shrug.\
\'93Various. I was to come up with a way of improving our soldiers\'92 chances in military affairs. I thought of a number of ways of accomplishing this, many of which were immediately dismissed. I could make soldiers who could light fires using only the capacity of their brains, but the subjects continued to burn 
\i themselves
\i0 . I made shapeshifters, people who could 
\i shift
\i0  from one shape into another, from human to animal. Some could even change their faces at will, become another person, so to speak. But the 
\i shift
\i0  was incredibly painful, so the idea was dismissed.\'94\
\'93You mentioned 
\i genetics
\i0 ,\'94 Roderick said. He was intrigued, but this was a word he\'92d not heard before, and he read enough scientific journals to be current.\
The doctor continued without really addressing the question.\
\'93I used a number of Darwin\'92s theories as a starting point and worked from there. But it wasn\'92t until I reunited with Jack that my work really began to take off. Jack was my muse, my inspiration. His own ideas pushed mine to greater heights. He was obsessed with the idea of immortality, of curing death.\'94\
\'93It was his research that led me to begin using mechanical parts in my experiments. If I could build a clockwork heart that could work just as well as an organic one, we wouldn\'92t have to worry about heart failure. Or if I could build a mechanical eye, we wouldn\'92t have to worry about blindness. You see? The possibilities this suggested, they were endless. For once, the military fully supported it. But Jack\'92s experiments were radical, and they required human subjects. The military approved. I did not.\'94\
\'93But you conducted them anyway,\'94 Roderick countered.\
\'93I was given a drug, a serum of Jack\'92s design, which was designed to render me compliant. Instead, it caused psychosis.\'94\
\'93So that\'92s when you began taking people apart,\'94 Roderick summarized. He took a sip of his tea, but it was too sweet. He frowned. \'93You\'92re a very disturbing man,\'94 he said bluntly. \'93Clever, I think, but disturbing. Tell me more about 
\i Jack
\i0 . Who is he to you?\'94\
Here, the doctor\'92s tone shifted. It was less defensive, more nostalgic.\
\'93Jack Bernhardt. You might know him as Anthony Tidkins. But to me, he\'92s just Jack. My son. My brilliant, brilliant son. I taught him everything I know, but he surpassed me, easily, particularly in his knowledge of mechanical engineering. He was the founder of the Resurrectionists, a true visionary. At the time, his experiments were radical, but not entirely dangerous. It was only when he learned that I was dying that he began to take things too far.\'94\
\'93Ha!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, taking another biscuit from the tray. A pile of crumbs lay at his feet. Roderick truly loved his biscuits. \'93By your standards, that really is saying something.\'94\
\'93Fearing that the other Resurrectionists would refuse to conduct his experiments, as I had, he used the serum to ensure their compliance, although its results were unpredictable. With some of London\'92s greatest scientists under his thumb, they abandoned their own research in favour of pursuing the Dead London Project. The victims\'97for lack of a better term\'97of Jack\'92s serum, obeyed his every whim. The Resurrectionists were no longer a scientific society. They were a cult.\'94\
\'93Alright, that is going a bit far,\'94 Roderick admitted.\
\'93Thus began his experiments with Lazarus.\'94\
\'93Beg your pardon? Lazarus?\'94\
\'93You haven\'92t seen them, then? The zombies?\'94\
A light went off inside Roderick\'92s head. Zombies. He was talking about the disease that had infected Lord Connor before his untimely demise, and which had plagued the ladies and gentlemen at his party, who had risen from the apparent dead. The men in the alley.\
\'93So they\'92re not vampires?\'94\
The doctor coughed. He reached for his oxygen mask and took a big puff of air. He mulled over the term.\
\'93Vampires? I suppose it\'92s as good a term as any, but lately I\'92ve taken to calling these creatures 
\i zombies
\i0 . Whatever you want to call them, they are the resurrected dead.\'94\
\'93What sort of experiments were they conducting? What is Lazarus?\'94\
\'93Lazarus is the name of the virus,\'94 the doctor explained. \'93Jack believes that Lazarus is the key in his quest for immortality. He believed that he could cure the virus, but he needed to find test subjects who were resistant to the virus. And for that, he needed a large body of test subjects and a means of distribution. As for the latter, it was Lord Connor that came up with a solution. Unfortunately, Connor had a change of heart, so it had to be taken by force; a thief was hired for that purpose, and Connor was 
\i dealt with
\i0 . And for the former, the population of London was large enough to provide the test subjects.\'94\
\'93The population of London!\'94 Roderick exclaimed.\
\'93The Dead London Project,\'94 Dr. Allen reminded him with a bit of a cough.\
\'93Lovely. Doctor, thank you for the tea, but there\'92s no time to sit around while this experiment is allowed to continue. Will you help me to stop it, or do you intend to stand in my way?\'94\
\'93Mr. Steen, much as I\'92d love to help you, I\'92m afraid it\'92s too late. Lazarus is already spreading. I was just about to make my escape when you showed up. It\'92s not safe here. We need to get out of the city.\'94\
Roderick straightened his collar and stood up. He brushed the crumbs off his legs and ran a finger through his hair like a comb.\
\'93Right then. How do we get out of here?\'94 he said, remarkably calm.\
\'93Follow me,\'94 Allen replied.\
He beckoned to his servant, and sent the man to fetch a mask for Roderick.\
\'93Gas mask,\'94 he explained, \'93Should keep you safe from Lazarus for a few hours. There\'92s an ornithopter in the 
\i Cappa Laboratory
\i0 , which we\'92ll use to get out of London.\'94\
Roderick nodded. He\'92d play along, for now. He had little other choice. 
\i But when we get out of London, I\'92ll have you arrested.
\i0 \
\'93I\'92ll need to make a couple stops along the way, if that\'92s alright. Do you have any more of these masks?\'94}