{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Avery Vane was seated comfortably on the divan, puffing white rings of smoke from his cigarette, when the knock came at the door. He dashed out the butt of his smoke, and wiping his hands on his handkerchief, got out of his seat. He moved over to the door, and waited there for his butler to announce who was calling. To his surprise, it was not his butler that he met in the den, but the doctor.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 Avery\'92s butler trailed behind the doctor, spewing apologies. \'93I\'92m sorry, sir. I\'92m afraid he rather insisted.\'94\
\'93That\'92s fine, Mr. Duncan, I\'92ll see the doctor in the den. If you could start a fire, I felt a cold breeze sweep into the room when the door opened,\'94 said Avery.\
He probably sounded more at ease than he felt. The cigarette might have helped with that.\
He turned to his guest. \'93To what do I owe the pleasure, Dr. Allen?\'94\
\'93Pleasure?\'94 Dr. Allen repeated. \'93I\'92m afraid you will derive no pleasure from this visit.\'94\
The doctor, according to habit, where a black leather mask, in the old-fashioned style of plague doctors. Mr. Vane had yet to ascertain the reason for the strange accoutrement, but frankly, he found the mask unsettling. Not once had he seen the doctor\'92s face. The doctor\'92s voice was muffled, almost to the point of being incomprehensible. Avery had once noticed a small vent on the underside of the mask, through which he could hear the doctor\'92s ragged breath.\
\'93This is my apprentice,\'94 he said.\
Avery blinked. 
\i Apprentice?\

\i0 He hadn\'92t noticed the young boy, who now stepped out from behind the doctor. The boy, although unmasked, was equally frightening to look at. His skin was so pale, it was practically translucent. His hair was white. Not blonde, but white, as stark as snow. His eyes were a soft pink, his lashes as pale as his hair. Avery had never seen anyone like him, in all his years.\
\'93How do you do?\'94 he managed.\
He hoped it sounded polite. It wasn\'92t like Avery to stare. He\'92d been raised according to a strict set of manners. He could just imagine his mother rapping his knuckles with an ash branch for how he was staring at the little albino.\
But it wasn\'92t just the boy\'92s pale pallor that disturbed Avery. There was something in his expression. Something unsettling. Perhaps it was just the boy\'92s pink eyes that prejudiced Vane against the unfortunate youth, but Avery believed he saw hatred in those eyes. Cold, calculating hatred. Avery forced a smile.\
He realized that the doctor had not yet answered his question. He sat back down in the den, fished out another cigarette, and lit it nervously. He gestured to the empty chairs.\
\'93Can I offer you anything, doctor? Tea, or perhaps something stronger?\'94\
\'93We won\'92t be staying long,\'94 the doctor answered.\
Neither he, nor the boy, had taken a seat. Instead, they stood at the threshold of the den. Strangely, Avery felt cornered, like a caged animal. It was ridiculous of him to be so intimidated by the old doctor and the young boy who trailed behind him. Surely if they wanted to hurt him, he could fight them off. The boy looked as frail as a ghost, and the doctor, judging by his voice, was well past his prime. Avery, meanwhile, was in his twenties, was tall, and athletic. If need be, he could call for help, and a dozen servants would be with him in a minute. And yet\'85\
\'93What do you want?\'94 he asked. He was disappointed with how himself. He\'92d meant to sound forceful, confident. Instead, his voice trembled and cracked.\
\'93Come with us,\'94 the doctor replied.\
\'93No,\'94 said Avery.\
\'93This will all go much more smoothly if you do as I say, Mr. Vane.\'94\
\'93No,\'94 he said again. His voice was softer this time, barely more than a whisper. His lips trembled.\
\'93Mr. Vane, it is really not my style to adopt such an unsavoury practice as blackmail, but I\'92m afraid I really must insist that you come with me at once. Otherwise\'97\'94\
The doctor didn\'92t need to finish that sentence. Avery knew exactly what the doctor held over him. If his secret got out, Avery would be ruined. Not merely ruined. Utterly destroyed. The way Avery saw it, he had only two options. He could go along with the doctor. Or he could put a bullet in the doctor\'92s skull. He\'92d have to kill the child too. He didn\'92t like the thought of killing a child. But he was tired of letting the doctor intimidate him.\
He drew his pistol. He wished he could see the look on the doctor\'92s face. The sudden transition from arrogance to fear. The doctor raised his arms as if to plead for his life, and took a step back. Avery readied the pistol, aimed it at the doctor\'92s chest.\
\'93Hyde,\'94 said the doctor.\
Avery blinked. 
\i What?
\i0 \
Then he felt one enormous hand engulfing his skull. He felt himself being whirled around like a rag doll. The pistol fell to the floor with a clatter, and Avery found himself face to face with Death.\
The man\'97if he was a man at all\'97wore a weathered black plague mask, like the doctor\'92s, only much larger. He was dressed in a black cowl. He was also the biggest man Avery had seen in his life. Without a word, he lifted Avery off his feet with one hand, by his hair. Avery felt strands of hair rip from his scalp. He screamed.\
Then, with what seemed like no effort at all, the giant flung Avery across the room. He crashed into the settee, landed hard on the floor, and lay there. Unable to move, he stared at the ceiling.\
No one had come to his rescue. Avery began to wonder if his servants were even still alive.\
\'93Well done, Mr. Hyde,\'94 said the doctor.\
The albino child hunched over Avery. His pale white face was all Avery could see.\
\'93Help me,\'94 he wheezed. \'93Please. Run and call for help.\'94\
The boy smiled. For a moment, Avery thought that the boy was going to do as he asked. Then the boy opened his mouth and let a big ball of spit spill out onto Avery\'92s forehead. Avery groaned.\
The boy smiled at his handiwork. Then he began to kick Avery. He wasn\'92t terribly strong, but Avery couldn\'92t move at all. He believed his ribs had been broken in the fall, and each kick made him wince with pain. Eventually, he lost consciousness.}