{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Avery Vane awoke with a sudden fluttering of his eyelids. The harsh light made him squint in pain. As his eyes began to adjust, he discovered that the room was actually dimly lit by a single oil lamp, which had been thrust into his face. He turned away from the harshness of the light, and took a look around the room.\
He was in a laboratory. This, he could surmise from the test tubes, beakers, and other scientific equipment that lined the shelves, and from the preparations on the tables. Dissections of animals, as well as human organs, were preserved in jars of formaldehyde.\
\'93So glad you\'92re awake,\'94 said the doctor, still with his mask on. \'93My apologies. Mr. Hyde often forgets his own strength.\'94\
The giant grunted. It might actually have been a genuine apology. Not that Avery could say the same for the doctor\'92s feigned civility.\
The doctor set the oil lamp on the table, giving Avery the chance to look at him without staring directly into the harsh light. He noticed that the albino was no longer with them.\
\'93So,\'94 the doctor continued. \'93I regret any unnecessary roughness, Mr. Vane, but I do hope that it has given you an appreciation for how serious I am about the boy\'92s welfare.\'94\
\'93The boy?\'94 Avery repeated. \'93What does this have to do with him?\'94\
\'93Mr. Vane, I need not remind you\'97and don\'92t believe for a moment that I\'92m merely pandering to your ego\'97that you are by far the best clockmaker in the country. I might even go so far as to say you are the best in the 
\i world
\i0 .\'94\
\'93Your point
\i ,
\i0  Dr. Jekyll?\'94 Avery asked, impatiently.\

\i Pandering to his ego, indeed! 
\i0 Avery snorted with distaste. He looked straight into the doctor\'92s face. It was unnerving that he couldn\'92t see the man\'92s eyes, as they were hidden behind the mask\'92s tinted lenses. Nor could he recognize his voice, as it was distorted by the mask, which meant that there was no way of determining who the doctor really was. 
\i Jekyll
\i0  was almost certainly an alias, borrowed from Robert Louis Stevenson\'92s story. Avery read the penny dreadfuls.\
\'93My point, Mr. Vane, is that I\'92ve been taking on the responsibility of educating the boy. He\'92s very bright, you see, and very keen, and his father wants to provide him with the very best opportunities. I have an obligation which requires me to be away for a couple of months\'97\'94\
\'93No,\'94 Avery said. He could see perfectly well where this was going.\
\'93He\'92ll be an excellent student,\'94 the doctor continued, heedless of the interruption, \'93Although he bores easily. Did you know, I left for several months not too long ago; I arranged for young Jack to sit in at the university. He grew so bored he decided to open his own surgical practice, and when I returned from my business, I learned that Jack had been cutting classes every day and operating a rather successful business as a surgeon. He wore a mask, like mine, so that no one would realize he was only a thirteen, but his expertise as a surgeon is quite remarkable. Not just for a boy his age, but for any surgeon. I\'92m sure he\'92ll be quick to pick up the fine art of clockmaking, especially with you to\'97\'94\
\'93No,\'94 Avery said again.\
\'93No?\'94 the doctor repeated. He stood over Avery, who was seated on the floor, with his back against the wall. The effect was that the doctor seemed to tower over him. \'93Do you not see the position you\'92re in, Mr. Vane? Did you not see how easy it was for my associate and I to invite ourselves into your home?\'94\
Avery refused to be intimidated. He spat. A great gob of spit landed square on the doctor\'92s right lens. Calmly, almost as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened, the doctor withdrew a handkerchief. He wiped the spit from his lens.\
\'93Need I remind you about that unfortunate bit of bad business I helped you with a year ago? A little thing like that can come back to bite you. It was only lucky that you had such a dear friend as me to help you out. You might want to consider how you treat such friends.\'94\
\'93Friends? You\'92re a tyrant. A bully. We\'92re not friends, Doctor. Do what you must. Tell the police if you have to, but I won\'92t work for you.\'94\
\'93Come now, be reasonable. You killed your entire family. Mr. Vane, you killed your wife and daughters. You picked the meat off their bones, and you ate it.\'94\
Avery whimpered. He didn\'92t like to think about that. Not that he ever forgot it, but he didn\'92t need the doctor to remind him.\
\'93You\'92ll really let me tell the police?\'94 asked Dr. Jekyll.\
\'93I won\'92t let you intimidate me.\'94\
\'93There is one other thing,\'94 said the doctor. \'93If blackmail doesn\'92t frighten you, if the threat of violence doesn\'92t intimidate you, there is still one more thing.\'94\
\'93What?\'94\
\'93Your disease,\'94 Jekyll said. His words oozed out of his mouth, slimy and foul.\
Avery felt his heart stop, like a train that had run out of coal. Dead on its tracks. \'93What about it?\'94\
\'93What would happen to you if your access to your medicine was suddenly cut off?\'94 asked the doctor.\
A lump formed in Avery\'92s throat. He tried to swallow, but his mouth was dry as ash.\
\'93I keep a personal supply in a number of locations, known only to me,\'94 Avery said. \'93Just in case.\'94\
The doctor barked out a single, cold laugh, a harsh and metallic sound as it was filtered through the mask\'92s tubes and vents.\
\'93Very enterprising of you, Mr. Vane. But let\'92s suppose that somebody discovered the locations of your secret supplies. What would become of you then?\'94\
Avery swallowed. \'93First, my skin would begin to die. It would peal off in strips and flake away like skin does after a sunburn. Then my flesh would start to rot. Then, finally, when my body has all but died, my mind would be surrendered to the disease. An insatiable hunger would come over me. The urge to hunt for prey, to kill, and to eat.\'94\
\'93And still you refuse to help me?\'94 asked the doctor. \'93After all I\'92ve done to help you with this dreadful malady?\'94\
At last, Avery let out a breath of air through his nostrils, a sigh of distress. He could see no way out of this.\
\'93What, specifically, do you want me to teach this boy of yours?\'94\
The doctor didn\'92t relish in his victory. He answered calmly as ever, as if he\'92d been entirely confident of the outcome of the conversation. \'93I\'92ve prepared an itinerary. So long as you follow it, and the boy comes to no harm while I\'92m away, I will ensure that your medicine continues to arrive on schedule,\'94 he said. \'93Oh, and there\'92s one more thing.\'94\
\'93Which is?\'94\
\'93Should his father come to inquire after his wellbeing, you are to telegraph me straight-away. Tell the father that I\'92ve gone away on urgent business, and that I\'92ll be back shortly. Do not, under any circumstances, allow the father to learn that I am away long-term, or that you\'92ve been instructing the boy.\'94\
It was strange. For all the doctor\'92s bravado, his intimidation, his posturing, his threats\'97if Avery didn\'92t know better, he would have guessed that Dr. Jekyll was 
\i afraid.
\i0  It was impossible to say for certain. He could hardly judge by the man\'92s face, nor even by the cadence of his voice. But there was a tightness in the way he held his posture, when he spoke of the boy\'92s father.\
Avery nodded, and the tension seemed to melt away.\
\'93Good,\'94 said the doctor. \'93Very good. I\'92ll have Mr. Hyde return you to your home. I hope you don\'92t mind wearing a blindfold. I\'92d prefer to keep my whereabouts a private matter, for now. You understand, don\'92t you?\'94\
Again, Avery nodded.\
\'93Good,\'94 said the doctor.}