{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi561

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Joe and Filch arrived at the door a little past midnight, with Miss Belmont with them.\'a0 It was darker than death.\'a0 The single lamp a block away barely penetrated the thick fog that permeated the dismal streets of Chicago, and Joe could hardly see his own hand when he outstretched his arm to rap on the door.\
The darkness was oppressive.\'a0 The silence was worse.\
"Break it down," he said.\'a0 "Break down this bloody door."\
Despite the fervor in his voice, Filch hesitated.\'a0 "Sir, you've been after this bastard a long time.\'a0 We've finally caught up to him.\'a0 You sure you don't want to do the honors?"\
Joe grunted his reply.\'a0 He sized up the door.\'a0 He was getting too old for this kind of thing, and he was hardly dressed for kicking down doors, what with his trenchcoat, fedora, and dress shoes.\'a0 Still, this would be worth doing.  He thrust a cigarette in his mouth and looked to Miss Belmont to light it.\
She was happy to oblige, somehow managing to make the gesture a flirtatious one.  She held Joe's eyes while she leaned in and struck the match.  Like Joe, she was overdressed for the occasion, in a leggy black dress and a wide-brimmed hat, long silk gloves on her hands.  Like Joe, she was smoking a cigarette, but unlike him, she did it with style, with grace.  With a long cigarette holder.  She was supposed to be in mourning, but Joe had the sense that she was enjoying this.\
"Let's get this rat," she said.\
"This is Joe Frost," he announced, giving his hat to Filch to hold on to.\'a0 "Open up."\
There was no answer.  He waited, but he wasn't a patient man.  He looked to Miss Belmont, who nodded enthusiastically.\
Joe turned back to the door and aimed a kick at it, putting his whole body into the motion.\'a0 The wood splintered loudly, the sound echoing through the fog.\'a0 The latch broke and clicked open.\'a0 Sweating already from the effort, Joe turned to Filch, retrieved his hat, and gestured to the door.\'a0 He replaced the hat upon his head as they opened the door.\
The stench, when they crossed the threshold, was overwhelming.\'a0 There was the sound of flies buzzing, but otherwise they were navigating blindly.\'a0 "Let's get some light in here," Joe growled.\'a0 He aimed his pistol at the shadows as his eyes adjusted to the light.\'a0 It had been dark enough outside.\'a0 In here, it was darker still.\'a0 The slightest hint of light was filtered through fog and glass and the white curtains that covered the windows.\'a0 But then, as he rounded the corner, brandishing his revolver, there was something else.  Something besides Filch flicking on the flashlight.\
"Stay with her," he told Filch, while he made his way into the hallway.\
It was long, and at its was a bookcase, filled not with books but with mason jars.\'a0 In each jar, a firefly.\'a0 His mouth opened so wide his cigarette fell right out.\'a0 He closed it, set his jaw in a firm line, and stomped out the cigarette right there on the carpet.\
He headed down the hallway, following the light of the fireflies.\'a0 This was definitely the place.\'a0 The house of the Mason Jar Man.\'a0 "This is it," he called to Filch.\
\
Six years ago, the murders had begun.\'a0 Each one, increasingly more gruesome.\'a0 The common thread that linked the killings; in each case, the victims' families noted one single item missing from their home.\'a0 A mason jar.\'a0 It was hard to imagine that anyone would commit murder for something so simple, so unimportant as a mason jar, and the murders had gathered public interest and attention.\'a0 The newspapers had followed the story for a while, but they began to lose interest the longer the case went unsolved.\
But not Joe...\
He never faltered, never lost interest.\'a0 He had followed the Mason Jar Man with single-minded determination.\'a0 And it had paid off.\'a0 The biggest lead in six years, was Miss Belmont herself.\
It was Miss Belmont who'd first caught sight of the monster they called the Mason Jar Man.}