{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi561

\f0\fs24 \cf0 She stepped into her walk-in closet, slipped out of her dress, and put on her nightgown.  That was when her husband began to scream.  When she came out of the closet, he was already dead, sprawled out on his bed, the sheets stained bright red.  His throat torn open.  His eyes, removed.\
She didn't linger long at his side.  She heard the murderer's footsteps, thudding down the stairs.  Fetching a revolver from the nightstand, she hurried into the hallway.  Where had the bastard gone?  He'd vanished, like a puff of smoke, a shadow.\
She heard the squeak of the door.  No, he was still there.  She aimed at the door, squeezed the trigger, and was answered with a satisfying spray of blood and the shattering of the door's glass frame as the bullet passed through her husband's murderer.\
She heard him curse, and she watched, as she'd caught sight of him at last, him stumble through the door and make his way into the back yard, heading for the alley.\
She followed him, daringly heading for the door, and stepped through it.  Seeing his shadowy figure still in the yard, she fired again, hitting him once more.  He dropped something, and it shattered.  A flickering, ebbing light drifted from whatever she'd dropped, and he roared in outrage.  He turned to face her, and she stepped back.  He truly was a monster.\
His mouth revealed a set of jagged teeth, thin and sharp as needles.\'a0 His eyes were empty sockets, like the eyes of his victims, but his were covered with a cluster of flies.\'a0 And when they moved it was like he was blinking.\
Stepping back, Miss Belmont retreated into the house, letting the man get away.  First thing in the morning, she'd gone to Joe Frost, the Private Investigator.  Joe had followed the trail of blood, and as for Miss Belmont, well, she had insisted on going with him.}