{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi561

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Now, they'd finally found the Mason Jar Man's home.\'a0 And here were the missing jars.\'a0 The smell increased as he approached them.\'a0 The flies swarmed in thick black clouds around the bookshelf.\
"In here," he called to Filch, but without waiting for the man to join him, he kept moving toward the jars.\'a0 The walls became brighter as he approached their light, until he could see the torn wallpaper, stained with blood both fresh and old.\'a0 There were clumps of hair, glued to the wall by blood.\'a0 But he kept his attention on the jars.\'a0 He reached out and took one off the shelf when he was close enough to do so.\
They were not fireflies in the jars.\'a0 Not insects at all.\'a0 The phosphorescent glow came from something insubstantial, wispy, which floated like hydrogen.\'a0 He began to twist off the lid.\'a0 There was something uncanny about the glowing gas inside the jars, something which disturbed Joe greatly, but his instincts as a Private Eye made him want to investigate rather than replace the jar upon its shelf.\'a0 When the lid popped off, a chill passed through him.\'a0 The gas escaped from the jar, but it floated not like gas but like a shadow.\'a0 The second it was out of the jar, the flies were in a frenzy.\'a0 Like piranhas, they consumed it, and it was gone.\
"What in the name of..." said Joe to himself.\'a0 A moment later, his attention was demanded by a sound from the other room.\'a0 Filch and Miss Belmont had yet to join him.\'a0 "What's going on over there?"\
He hurried back down the hall, taking another jar with him to use as a lantern.\'a0 He rounded the corner, into the living room, where both Filch and Miss Belmont lay dead on the floor.\'a0 Their throats were slit, their eyes cut out, in the style of the Mason Jar Man's victims.\'a0 \
Standing over them, a man in a long black coat, held an empty jar to Miss Belmont's mouth, whispering something Joe couldn't make out.\'a0 The man had his back to Joe, so he couldn't see his face.\
He held up his glowing mason jar with one hand, raised his pistol with the other.\'a0 "Step away from him," he warned the Mason Jar Man.\
"You shouldn't a opened it," he said, not stepping away.\'a0 "Mighta let ye live.\'a0 But now I got me another jar needs fillin'."\
"Back the hell away," said Joe.\'a0 As he watched, that glowing gas escaped Miss Belmont's lips like a breath of warm air on a cold night.\
"And she shouldn't a broken 'er 'usband's jar, neither."  Miss Belmont's breath filled the jar, and the murderer sealed it inside, screwing the lid on tight.\'a0 "What is that?" asked Joe.\
At last, the Mason Jar Man turned around.\'a0 "Her sins," he said, grinning.\
Joe had always considered himself a brave man, but he shied away now.\'a0 He took a few steps back in a real hurry.\'a0 The Mason Jar Man was no man at all.  He was a devil.\
That smile of his, with wickedly sharp teeth, like criss-crossing needles.  His eyes so thickly covered with flies that there might not have been eyes there at all.\
Finally, Joe found his courage.\'a0 He raised his pistol and fired.\'a0 Either he'd missed or the bullet had no effect on this devil.\'a0 He fired again.\'a0 And again.\'a0 Until the chamber of his gun was empty, and the Mason Jar Man was still standing.\
"Gimme the jar," he said, "An' I'll make it quick-like."\
Joe shook his head.\'a0 "You killed them both," he said.  "These were good people."\
"Ain't no such thing as good people," said the Mason Jar Man.  "Hand it over, Joe."\
The Mason Jar Man's breath was rancid, and he had to stifle a gag.\'a0 "You think I'm going to make this easy for you?\'a0 You want to put my sins in a jar?\'a0 Well," he growled, smashing the jar in his hand into shards and raising the broken jar as a weapon.\'a0 "You're going to need a bigger jar."}