{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Dr. Jekyll, n\'e9e Dr. Allen\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Role in Story:	Antagonist\
	Occupation:	Doctor/Inventor\ul \
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 Physical Description:	\
\
	Personality:	\
\
	Habits/Mannerisms:	\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Background:	The chief antagonist of Allen\'92s Street, Doctor Allen is a deranged doctor who has become a sort of bogeyman figure in popular culture. Believed to be no more than an urban legend made up to scare children away from wandering down unfamiliar streets, the Doctor is supposed to have been hired to conduct research into a pharmaceutical drug that might somehow provide a strategic military advantage, whether by altering a soldier\'92s psychological state or by similar means. Instead, Doctor Allen, a sociopath and con man, begins conducting unsanctioned medical experiments of a surgical nature on unwilling subjects and leaves their deceased bodies on display for all to see, like trophies.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567
\cf0 \
The bodies are typically hideously disfigured, have undergone amputations, decapitations, disembowelment, and have had numerous mechanical and animal parts surgically attached in ways that cause the bodies to act as puppets or even automatons\
\
Note: An automaton (plural: automata or automatons) is a self-operating machine. The word is sometimes used to describe an old-fashioned robot, more specifically an autonomous robot.\
\
When the body of Rachelle Vincent turns up dead in the fashion of Doctor Allen\'92s victims, it becomes clear that Doctor Allen does exist. The question\'85\'93who is Doctor Allen?\'94 becomes the central plot point of Allen\'92s Street. The police believe Parson Sinews to be the real Doctor Allen and Rachelle Vincent's murderer.\
\
As a further twist, Doctor Allen\'92s supposed address is 44 Allen\'92s Street \'96 a fictional address that turns out to be real. It also turns out that Parson Sinews lives on Allen\'92s Street.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567\qj
\cf0 Formerly known as Dr. James Vane, George Allen is a pseudonym. Like Anthony Tidkins, 
\i George
\i0  Allen is comprised of the names of a penny dreadful character and an actress (
\i George
\i0  from ???, Allen from Viola Allen)\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Internal Conflicts:	\
\
	External Conflicts:	 \
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Notes:	}