{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The scientists were sounding the alarm, a deafening, undulating sound that Annabel had heard the last time she'd visited the Resurrectionist facility.\
She returned her attention to Palmer, who was trying to get up. She kicked him in the back, and he grunted in pain. She looked again at Anthony Tidkins.\
\'93Is it really too late?\'94 she asked him, having to shout to be heard over the alarm.\
\'93For us?\'94 he asked.\
Tidkins had taken off his mask, which he now held in one hand. His face was as familiar to her as her own. In all the time she\'92d known him, he\'92d barely changed in appearance. But his demeanor had changed. The way he looked at her now, he was a completely different person, a stranger. Part of her wondered, though, if he had really changed at all. Maybe it was just her.\
\'93For London, I mean,\'94 she said. Careful not to let her emotion show, she looked him in the eye and with careful inflection, she said, \'93It is most definitely too late for us.\'94\
He nodded. \'93Fair enough,\'94 he said, as the siren sound came to an end.\
Perhaps she was mistaken, but she thought she detected a hint of regret in his pale pink eyes, a note of sadness in his voice. 
\i Damn him
\i0 . 
\i What did she care about his feelings?
\i0  He was a mass murderer. She felt sick just thinking about what he had done. And yet, at one time, she had thought of him like a brother. A part of her always would feel that way about him, she realized.\
\'93It isn\'92t too late for London,\'94 he said. \'93Once I find a cure\'97\'93\
Her stomach tightened. \'93
\i If
\i0  you find a cure,\'94 she said, \'93And even then it will still be too late. What about all those people who\'92ve been killed by your zombies?\'94\
She thought about R\'e9my. She hadn\'92t really known him, but he\'92d seemed like a sweet young man. Innocent, and in love. And now he was dead. A victim of Dead London.\
\'93It will be worth it,\'94 he answered. \'93I will have cured death. No one else will need to die. Not 
\i ever
\i0 .\'94\
Annabel thought she might be sick. She couldn\'92t concentrate on Anthony Tidkins and on Palmer at the same time. She decided to simplify things. She slammed the butt of her gun into Palmer\'92s skull with her mechanical arm. He slumped to the floor, unconscious. Or dead, Annabel could hardly care less.\
\'93You want to cure death so bad you\'92d destroy a city of millions? Why is this so important to you?\'94\
\'93Because my father is dying,\'94 he said simply.\
It took her only a moment.\
\'93You mean Dr. Jekyll?\'94 she asked. \'93Not your real father.\'94\
\'93Dr. Jekyll 
\i is
\i0  my real father,\'94 he said. \'93I was his bastard son. He and my mother gave me up for adoption. Dr. Jekyll\'92s wife wouldn\'92t let him keep me, and the mother was in a similar position. My adoptive parents were unable to have children of their own. When my adoptive mother died, my father came to resent me, as if it was somehow my fault. He sent me to live with Dr. Jekyll; he and his wife had divorced by then. My adoptive father told me I was to be Dr. Jekyll\'92s apprentice. Jekyll was a renowned surgeon, and my father wanted me to be trained by him. It was only later, much later, that I learned the real reason I\'92d been sent to Dr. Jekyll. Dr. Jekyll was my father.\'94\
\'93And you thought you could save him?\'94\
\'93I 
\i can
\i0  save him,\'94 Tidkins said with passion. He had tears in his eyes. \'93I 
\i have
\i0  to save him.\'94\
\'93Even if it costs the lives of millions?\'94 Annabel asked.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he said, and Annabel believed him.\
At last, Annabel understood. Anthony Tidkins was insane. He was brilliant. But he was insane.\
Her hand was trembling, her vision unclear. She steeled herself. Before she could put further thought into it, she raised the pistol. Point blank, she aimed its muzzle at her oldest friend and put her finger on the trigger.\
Tidkins\'92 skull erupted in a spray of blood.\
Annabel screamed.\
Tidkins\'92s blood spattered across her cheek, hot and wet. It seemed to sting as it struck her skin. She heard Abraham Palmer gasp, but her attention was focused on Anthony Tidkins. His eyes and mouth wide with surprise, a gaping hole through his left cheek.\
\'93No!\'94 Annabel cried, even as Tidkins\'92 body collapsed to the floor.\
Annabel stared at her gun and blinked in confusion.\
\'93But I\'85\'94 she gaped, \'93I didn\'92t pull the trigger.\'94\
She\'92d wanted to. She had desperately wanted to put a bullet in his skull for everything that he\'92d done. But for all of her resolve to be more ruthless and less sentimental, she still hadn\'92t been able to bring herself to kill him. Even if he deserved it, she had to consider that Abraham Palmer might be right. Anthony Tidkins\'97Jack\'97might very well have been their best hope for a cure. Now it was too late.\
She stared at the gun in her hand. It was still cold. Which meant she couldn\'92t have fired it.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Then who could have\'97?
\i0 \
She spun around, looking for the shooter, and found a familiar face staring back at her, gun still smoking.}