{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 It was Roderick Steen who stood before Annabel. His gun was aimed at the spot where Tidkins had been, and a cloud of smoke trailed from the muzzle. Roderick\'92s teeth were gritted, his eyes narrowed and fiercely focused on Tidkins\'92 body. He seemed to be blinking back tears.\
\'93That was for R\'e9my,\'94 he said.\
Annabel\'92s knees threatened to buckle, and tears formed in her eye, but she managed to keep herself upright. She wanted to launch herself at Roderick and tear his throat out, though all he\'92d done was the very thing she\'92d wanted to do herself. She growled in frustration, unable to say a word to Roderick, even to acknowledge his presence.\
Finally, she returned her attention to Mr. Palmer, who was beginning to regain consciousness.\
\'93Let me up,\'94 he was saying, as Annabel fought to recover her nerves and steadied herself. \'93You\'92ve got to let me up.\'94\
He was gesturing towards something off in the distance. She blinked the tears from her eyes and looked. There were zombies staggering down the hallway, heading towards them.\
She cursed. \'93Where the hell did they come from?\'94\
\'93Resurrectionist Emergency Protocol D,\'94 said Palmer. \'93If the facility is compromised, they open the cages as a diversionary tactic.\'94\
\'93They have zombies in cages?\'94 asked Roderick.\
Still, Annabel refused to look at him. Wiping the blood from her face, she let Palmer up. \'93If it comes down to it, I won\'92t hesitate to shoot you,\'94 she warned him.\
Palmer got to his feet, a little worse for wear. He rubbed his injured jaw.\
Annabel tried not to think about Anthony Tidkins, or to look at his body. There was no time to mourn or to think about it. The zombies were coming, and they were surprisingly fast for walking corpses, converging upon them from both directions. There was not nearly enough ammunition to deal with all of them.\
She tried the door to the 
\i Beta Laboratory
\i0 , but the scientists must have locked it behind them. She banged on the door. She cursed as she scanned the hallway for another door. There wasn\'92t one, at least not between them and the zombies, and it would take too long to pick the lock without her tools.\
\'93We\'92ll have to make a stand,\'94 said Palmer.\
\'93I don\'92t like our odds,\'94 she said, banging on the door again.\
When no one answered it, she raised the pistol. There was nothing else for it but to put as many bullets in their skulls as they could, and then fight their way out with their bare hands.\
Annabel closed her eye, relying on the prosthesis for her vision, squeezed the trigger, and one of them fell to the floor. He disappeared under the sea of zombies, who climbed over him without seeming to slow.\
She aimed and fired again with deadly accuracy, moved the revolver half an inch to the left, pulled the trigger again. Without pause, she fired into their midst, one bullet at a time. Each bullet hit its mark, but it was not enough. They continued to advance, their numbers practically unaffected by the onslaught of bullets.\
\'93There\'92s too many of them,\'94 she said.\
\'93Just keep shooting,\'94 Roderick shouted back.\
They were inches away from each other, but the sounds of gunfire ricocheting down the hallway and the carnivorous moans of the zombies were deafening.\
Palmer grunted, kicking at the doorknob to the laboratory with all his might. If they couldn\'92t pick the lock, maybe he could break it down. It was up to Annabel and Roderick to buy him enough time.\
Annabel aimed again, pulled the trigger, and fired her last bullet. She hadn\'92t been counting, and only realized she was out when she fired again and heard the hollow click of an empty chamber.\
She stuffed the gun back into her holster, and looked to Palmer. The latch still hadn\'92t broken. The zombies were almost upon them.\
Roderick still had a few bullets left, but he wasn\'92t the marksman Annabel was. She watched him waste three bullets just to put one zombie down. She was about to ask him to hand over his gun, but before she had the chance, he ran out of bullets too.\
There were still hundreds of zombies and there was nowhere to go.\
\'93This is it,\'94 she said.\
She rolled up her sleeve, revealing her bare, mechanical arm, and gave it a twist of the key. It clicked like clockwork as it wound, but the sound was all but drowned out by the snarling of the dead.\
She marched forward, towards the zombies.\
\'93What are you doing?\'94 Palmer grunted.\
\'93Just get that damned door open,\'94 she shouted back.\
She grabbed the first of them by the face, careful not to let his jaws seize upon her hands, and slammed his face into the wall. His skull cracked, and he dropped him to the floor. She stomped on his head for good measure, and caved in the next man\'92s face with a wicked right hook from her brass hand, all in one swift motion.\
Roderick seemed suitably impressed, as he let out a whoop of joy and applauded her efforts.\
\'93Don\'92t get too excited,\'94 she said. \'93It\'92s not over yet.\'94\
Already, another zombie was grabbing at her, this time from behind. She grabbed his arms as if to fling him over her back, using his momentum against him, but his body was rotten. His arms popped out of their sockets with a nasty 
\i plop
\i0 , the skin and meat ripping from his rotting limbs like a snake sloughing off its skin.\
\'93Sorry,\'94 Roderick replied, \'93It\'92s just that I\'92m not used to fighting beside anybody remotely competent. No offense intended to Inspectors Hargrave and Taggert, god rest their souls.\'94\
Annabel grinned. It was difficult, in the heat of battle, to remain angry at him. \'93Why, Mr. Steen, if I didn\'92t know you better, I\'92d say that sounded like a compliment.\'94\
She dropped one of the arms, but she held onto the other, brandishing it like a weapon.\
She whirled around to face the zombie, and recognized him. This was the creature from the tank. He was beyond rotten. He was wet, 
\i soggy
\i0  even. No wonder his arms had ripped out so easily. She raised his limb and swung it at his skull, knocking him over.\
He twitched on the ground, trying to get up, but Annabel didn\'92t let up. She stood over him and used his own arm to cave in his skull.\
\'93Very neatly done, Miss Monday,\'94 Roderick called.\
Beside her, Roderick had drawn his swordstick and was doing a decent enough job of hacking at the zombies, cleaving their faces apart with neat thrusts of the sword.\
\'93You\'92re not bad at that, yourself,\'94 she told him.\
She was honestly surprised. While Roderick exuded confidence and had the poised, refined manner of an English dandy, she hadn\'92t expected that fighting zombies would be his fort\'e9. She\'92d half expected him to cower in the corner while she did the hard work.\
\'93I\'92ve trained in bartitsu,\'94 he replied, even as he grunted with the effort of slicing through a zombie\'92s legs. \'93Not to mention fencing. My father was rather determined to make a proper man out of me.\'94\
\'93Is 
\i that
\i0  what makes a proper man? Sports?\'94\
\'93My father seemed to think so,\'94 Roderick answered, thrusting his sword into the eye socket of a zombie that had grasped Annabel by the hair. \'93And what do 
\i you
\i0  think makes a man?\'94\
\'93Thank you,\'94 she said, as she returned the favor, fending off a zombie that had its fingers on Roderick\'92s arm. \'93And to answer your question, typically smaller breasts and the freedom from having to wear corsets and bustle skirts are about the only things of any significance that distinguish men from women.\'94\
\'93Well, if men didn\'92t insist that women wear corsets and bustle skirts, how else would we slow you down?\'94 Roderick wondered.\
He breathed heavily with the effort of sweeping out the legs of a particularly large zombie. As the creature crashed to the floor, Annabel finished him off with a solid blow to the head with her mechanical fist. She tried to lift her arm again, but it seized up.\
\'93Buy me some time,\'94 she said. \'93I need to wind my gears.\'94\
She backed into a corner, quickly gave her arm a turn of the key, and flexed her mechanical fingers to test it. It didn\'92t always require such extensive maintenance, but she didn\'92t always put it to such heavy use. She rejoined the fight just in time to pull one of the zombies from Roderick\'92s shoulders.\
\'93How are we doing, Palmer?\'94 she called.\
Even as Annabel continued to fight, heart pounding as she kicked at the nearest walking cadaver, she heard Palmer\'92s voice, rising above the din.\
\'93It\'92s open!\'94\
She hurried to the door, ripping out the trachea of the nearest zombie fiend that assailed her in order to disengage from the fight. She landed a devastating blow with her mechanical arm that knocked its head clean off.\
Still, she had to fight her way through the mob, as the zombies moved clumsily in their efforts to sink their teeth into her flesh. At last, she found the open doorway and practically fell through it. Roderick was right behind her.\
Remarkably, Annabel was unscathed. She heaved, struggling against her corset for breath, as Roderick launched himself bodily at the door. It slammed, but it wouldn\'92t shut. Several cadaverous limbs jammed in the door, their fingers still grasping for living flesh. Palmer added his weight to the door, and together the men strained against it. Still, the door thudded inward, threatening to cave beneath the combined weight of the zombies on the other side.\
\'93We can\'92t hold it,\'94 Roderick grunted.\
The door shuddered again. With every bang against it, the door creaked open a bit further. There was nothing they could do to stop it. Eventually, the zombies would get in. They were trapped in here.}