{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 While Mrs. Thompson left to speak with the kitchen staff about preparing the tea, Roderick was left alone in the company library. This was not Roderick\'92s first visit to the printing company\'92s library, but he\'92d never noticed a staircase in here before. Of course, that was the whole point of a secret staircase. It wouldn\'92t be in plain sight, he reasoned.\
The library was one of the largest rooms in the company, and one of the most decadent in its decor. It had high ceilings to accomodate the tall bookshelves, and ladders on wheels were used to access the books on the top shelves.\
The room was decorated with the busts of some of the company\'92s most famous authors. The library was divided into several sections, with the newspaper archives on a slightly lower level and the literary magazines and society papers up a few staircases on the east side of the library. The main section was dedicated to the penny dreadfuls and gothic novels.\
It could take Roderick days to find the hidden staircase. Palmer had explained that the hidden elevator in his office was accessed by activating a hidden lever, attached to a false book, but he didn\'92t know how to open the staircase\'97only that it existed. Roderick was reasonably confident that it would be accessed by activating another hidden lever, probably one attached to a false book. The question was\'97
\i which book?
\i0  Mr. Grimmer had enjoyed his secrets, and so even Palmer hadn\'92t been privvy to that information. Thus, it was up to Roderick to figure it out, and he needed to do so in a matter of minutes. Before Mrs. Thompson returned with the tea.\
He scanned the shelves and tried not to be disheartened. There were thousands of books. Thousands of possibilities. Roderick needed to narrow it down to just one.\
He folded his cane under the pit of his arm, and strode purposefully over to one of the bookshelves. Palmer\'92s secret elevator was accessed via 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 , a compilation of penny dreadful tales of zombies. Naturally, it had some significance to Palmer and Grimmer, who had built the underground facility in order to improve their odds in the fight against zombies. Whichever tome was used to activate the hidden elevator, it was likely to be one that held some significance to Charles Grimmer. Something to do with zombies, Roderick supposed. It was unlikely, however, that Mr. Grimmer would have reused 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 .\
He scanned the titles on the shelves, hoping that one of them might jump out at him. 
\i The Flying Dutchman
\i0 . 
\i Ela The Outcast
\i0 . 
\i The String of Pearls
\i0 . 
\i Varney The Vampire
\i0 . 
\i The Children of the Night
\i0 . It was easy enough to eliminate the titles that didn\'92t fit. The trick was finding the one that did. Roderick was still running his fingers over the spines of the dusty novels, when the door swung inward, announcing Mrs. Thompson\'92s return.\
\'93Find anything, Mr. Steen?\'94 she asked innocently.\
He managed to hide his disappointment at her return, offering her a smile, as she directed the servant to lay out a spread of tea on the table.\
\'93Extra honey for Mr. Steen,\'94 she said, giving him a conspiratorial wink. \'93He likes it sweet.\'94\
Roderick flushed at her flirtation, but he considered that perhaps he could use her to his advantage. She\'92d already proved helpful in getting him into the library.\
\'93Perhaps you could help me to remember a title I was thinking of,\'94 he said.\
\'93Of course. I\'92ve been with the Grimmer Company a long time. I\'92m familiar with most of the titles. Though,\'94 she added, making a sweeping gesture at the numerous books, \'93Certainly not all of them.\'94\
\'93The one I\'92m looking for would be about ghouls,\'94 he said. \'93Creatures that had returned from the dead, and which consumed human flesh.\'94\
\'93Ah. That\'92s an easy one,\'94 she said with a smile. \'93You\'92re thinking of 
\i Tales of Dead London. 
\i0 One of our most popular titles.\'94\
\'93Is there anything 
\i else
\i0  that meets that description?\'94 he asked. \'93Something other than 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 ? Something, perhaps, that held some significance to Mr. Grimmer?\'94\
Roderick saw a flicker of recognition in Mrs. Thompson\'92s expression. She nodded thoughtfully and adjusted her spectacles. At last, she said. \'93I\'92m not sure this is what you\'92re thinking of\'85\'94\
\'93Try me.\'94\
\'93Well, following the success of 
\i Dead London
\i0 , Mr. Grimmer commissioned another series to be written in a similar style. He turned down hundreds of submissions, however, dismissing them all as cheap imitations. Eventually, he ended up writing the series himself. It was a commercial failure, however, so the series ended prematurely, but Mr. Grimmer was always quite fond of it.\'94\
\'93That\'92s it!\'94 Roderick said. \'93It must be! Mrs. Thompson, you brilliant woman!\'94\
Her cheeks dimpled, and she flushed, scarlet.\
\'93Do you remember what was it called? Where might I find it?\'94\
\'93Now, let\'92s see,\'94 she said, and began to walk up and down the shelves, looking for the title in question. Eventually, she paused. \'93Yes, here it is.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 The Hunting Society
\i0 , Roderick read, 
\i by Charles Grimmer
\i0 .\
There were tiny screws sticking into its spine, hidden to the unobservant but plain as day to Roderick, who was specifically looking for anything out of the ordinary.\
\'93It\'92s about a secret society that hunts ghouls,\'94 said Mrs. Thompson, who seemed delighted to have found it. \'93Quite gruesome. Do you read penny dreadfuls, Mr. Steen?\'94\
\'93Not generally,\'94 Roderick replied. \'93But I do make the odd exception.\'94\
He grabbed the book, thinking its interior might contain some further clue, but rather than sliding easily off the shelf, the book pulled out at an angle and clicked into place at a forty-five degree angle and would budge no further.\
The book must have activated a switch, hidden behind the shelf. A hidden panel in one of the walls began to slide forward, and the cacophonous sound of an enormous machine began to swell like the crescendo of an excessively percussive orchestra. When it was finished, Roderick could see the spiral staircase, hidden in the alcove behind the panel.\
Mrs. Thompson shrieked with alarm.\
Roderick let go of the book, and the panel began to slide back into place.\
\'93Mrs. Thompson, would you be so kind as to hold on to this?\'94 he asked.\
Her face was frozen in shock. \'93Mr. Steen, what\'92s going on?\'94\
\'93Just hold this,\'94 he said.\
She had every right to probe further, to demand to know what was going on, but she nodded and grabbed hold of the book.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 he said.\
He headed towards the staircase. Once through the gap that had been hidden by the sliding panel, he stepped onto the staircase and began to descend. He paused. While Roderick flattered himself that he was a handsome enough gentlemen and that he had a certain charm that tended to affect women, somehow he thought there was more to Mrs. Thompson than that.\
\'93Mrs. Thompson, why are you helping me?\'94 he asked.\
She flashed him a matronly smile. \'93I\'92ve been with the Grimmer Company a long time, ever since Mr. Grimmer was just a boy. I know you\'92re a friend of his. My loyalty is to Mr. Grimmer. I trust that yours is too, Mr. Steen.\'94\
Roderick nodded. Mrs. Thompson must have observed enough suspicious activity to know that something was going on beneath the Grimmer company, even if she didn\'92t know exactly what it was.\
 \'93You can let go now, Mrs. Thompson.\'94\
\'93Be careful, Mr. Steen.\'94\
The panel slid closed, shutting Roderick in to the dark stairwell. With one hand on the railing, he began to climb down. He could hear the harsh, ululating sound of a hand-cranked siren resonating throughout the compound. Whatever chance they\'92d had at stealth, it was gone. The Resurrectionists already knew they were here.}