{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rung after rung, Jonathan descended the rope ladder with the memory of Palmer\'92s betrayal playing over and over again in his mind. He kept thinking of Miss Monday, who had gone down into the underground lair of the Resurrectionists with Palmer. She\'92d warned Jonathan that she didn\'92t trust him, and Jonathan had vouched for him.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Miss Monday is going to kill Anthony Tidkins, given half a chance. I intend to stop her, by any means necessary.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 Jonathan wondered if it was already too late. He didn\'92t know how long he\'92d been unconscious. Hopefully it hadn\'92t been long. Suddenly he lost his footing. He found it again just as quickly, but he reminded himself to pay more attention to what he was doing.\
He climbed down until he hung just a few feet above the ground. Then he let go. He landed hard on the grass, and tumbled to the ground. Shakily, he got to his feet. It felt good to be back on solid ground. He dusted himself off and crossed the lawn to the large angular building.\
He walked through the front door like he owned the place; incidentally, he did own the place. Mrs. Thompson was noticeably absent from her desk. The lobby was deserted. He headed through the printing room. The workforce was down to a skeleton crew. They looked up as Jonathan entered the room.\
\'93What are you all doing here?\'94 he asked. \'93Go home. Take the rest of the day off. Take the week! I expect London will be evacuated shortly.\'94\
The workers looked up in confusion. He supposed that many of them had known his father but probably didn\'92t know Jonathan. Perhaps they didn\'92t even realize he was their boss.\
\'93My name is Jonathan Grimmer,\'94 he said loudly. \'93I value your loyalty, and I appreciate your efforts to keep the company running throughout this situation. I\'92m sure you\'92re all apprised of the situation\'97after all, you\'92re printing it\'97but if you haven\'92t been out there, perhaps you don\'92t believe the stories. I assure you, they\'92re all true. Pack up your belongings, and clear out. If the city\'92s still standing in a week, you may return to your jobs. Until then, you are all dismissed, with pay. Consider it a holiday.\'94\
They didn\'92t need to be told again. Whether or not they thought their new boss was insane or eccentric, or whether they believed him, Jonathan didn\'92t know. Nor did he care. He just didn\'92t want any collateral damage in the fight with the Resurrectionists. He didn\'92t need the blood on his hands.\
As the workers cleared out, Jonathan headed down the hall to Palmer\'92s office. He wondered how Roderick had fared with finding the staircase in the library. Jonathan was supposed to have taken the tailor\'92s entrance, according to Annabel\'92s plan. No time for that now.\
The elevator was the most obvious entrance, and it was also the loudest. No doubt the Resurrectionists would hear him coming. But it was also the quickest way down, and Jonathan wasn\'92t about to waste time looking through the tailor\'92s shop. He opened the door to Palmer\'92s office, grabbed the trick book that activated the elevator, and waited.\
A gap opened up in the floor. The elevator rose through it. Jonathan stepped inside, flicked on the lights, and pulled the lever. The elevator clanked noisily, and began to head down into the dark.}