{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The scientists had deserted the room.\
\'93How did they get out?\'94 Annabel asked Palmer. \'93Your map didn\'92t indicate another way out of this lab.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know,\'94 he said. \'93It\'92s possible the Resurrectionists made some additions to the facility without my knowledge.\'94\
\'93Never mind that,\'94 said Roderick. \'93They\'92re going to get in.\'94\
\'93Give me my gun,\'94 Palmer asked.\
Annabel stared hard at him. The door shuddered again. The zombies were going to get in, and soon. They needed Palmer\'92s help, if there was any chance at all they would survive this. She didn\'92t like giving Palmer a weapon, after he\'92d tried to hand her over to the Resurrectionists.\
\'93I don\'92t have the right bullets for your pistol,\'94 she said.\
As for the guns she\'92d discarded earlier, they were still on the floor where she\'92d left them, with her crossbow. She had loaded up on Jonathan\'92s airship, and she hadn\'92t been shy about taking whatever she fancied. She picked up her crossbow first.\
Then she grabbed a pepper-pot revolver, a Webley, and a pocket-sized derringer. She gave the Webley revolver to Palmer, the pepper-pot to Roderick, and tucked the derringer into her belt.\
\'93Why 
\i does
\i0  the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  have so many weapons on board, anyway?\'94 she wondered.\
\'93Jonathan\'92s father and I used to use the airship occasionally for our missions,\'94 Palmer answered.\
\'93Hunting zombies, you mean?\'94\
\'93The tools of the trade,\'94 he said, brandishing the Webley.\
Then the door burst open, and all hell broke loose. It was impossible to count all the zombies that suddenly flooded into the room. They crammed into the wide doorway three at a time and spread into the room. Annabel, Roderick, and Palmer fanned out. She started firing the crossbow, and didn\'92t let up until she was out of bolts. Still, they poured into the room, climbing over the fallen until a pile of bodies lay blocking the doorway.\
She tossed aside the crossbow and reached for the derringer as a zombie came flying toward her. She put a bullet in its skull and emptied the chamber of the pistol. The gunfire was deafening as they made their final stand.\
Annabel discarded the empty derringer and cast about for something else she could use as a weapon. Something heavy and blunt, like a wrench, or something sharp. She didn\'92t have to look long. The room was filled with deadly objects.\
Her eyes settled on a long, jagged knife of surgical steel. She snatched it off the table and returned to the fight with a dangerous gleam in her eye. If she was going out, she was going out fighting.\
Dripping sweat, she grabbed the nearest cold body by the back of the head and jammed the knife into his eye. With a 
\i slurp 
\i0 like slicing open a watermelon, she slid the knife free. It tore against rotten flesh and bone, gore dripping from the shining instrument.\
Cold surgical steel sliced into rotten flesh, cutting through gristle and tendons as easily as carving a roast. Her heart was racing, pounding madly in her chest, but she wasn\'92t afraid. Somehow, slicing through those rotten bodies gave her a strange sense of catharsis. It was exhilarating.\
Grinning madly, she flicked her wrist and carved a piece out of any zombie that dared get in her way. She was drenched in blood, her white pants stained a deep, dark red.\
Slabs of rotting meat began to pile up in the doorway, but still, they pressed forward. Annabel tried to get a count, but it was impossible to gauge how many there were with the door half-closed and their grunting, snarling faces so close to her own.\
She planted a firm kick at one that had gotten too close for comfort, sending him sprawling backwards, but another one took his place. Intestines dangling, utterly naked, with blood in her blond hair, the zombie snapped her teeth, inches from Annabel\'92s neck. She heard a cry of pain from beside her, Palmer\'92s voice, but she had her own problems. She thrust her blade into the woman\'92s skull, heard the crunch of bone and brain, and moved on.\
Killing the zombies was simple enough, now that she had the hang of it. She only had to destroy the brain. Any other wound would not suffice. Destroy the brain, and the body would go limp and cease attacking.\
Easier said than done. Annabel grabbed the hilt of her blade, pulled it from the skull of her latest kill, and went for the next one. Her blade caught him beneath his jaw, aimed upward into the brain. He went limp. Again, she set her sights on another that had gotten too close, pulled the blade from the man\'92s jaw.\
She cried out as two zombies grabbed her at once, one of them by the hair, the other by her mechanical arm. The blade clattered to the floor and disappeared as the zombies climbed over it. She felt another set of hands seize her as she fought to fend them off. Suddenly, her bloodlust turned to cold fear.\
Her hair had come loose. One of the zombies had gotten hold of it. It was in her face. She couldn\'92t see. The zombie was pulling at her hair, sending searing pain into her scalp. Pulling at her hair, the zombie was trying to bring her head closer to his gaping mouth.\
The second one was trying to get at her throat. She managed to hold him off with her arm.\
The third one had suddenly let her go, and she heard the disturbing 
\i slop
\i0  of something juicy being eaten. A squelching sound like rotten fruit being squished.\
She couldn\'92t see with her hair in her face, but she detected the smell of warm blood mingled with the smell of rot. She heard the crunch of gnashing teeth, the zombies moans with pleasure.\
Finally she managed to tear her hair free, and she saw Palmer\'92s body being ripped apart. It sent a jolt of fear through her\'97a horrible reminder of her fateful day in Haiti, her eye being ripped from its socket. She could almost feel Palmer\'92s pain as her own. Their grimy fingernails digging into his skin, pulling hot, steaming organs from his body. Their rotting teeth breaking the skin, tearing out layers of flesh. Palmer was already dead. She knew he couldn\'92t feel what was happening to him any more, but she started to scream.\
She cast about for Roderick, but she couldn\'92t see him through all the carnage. Her screams fell silent, turned into a whimper as the zombies began to finish their meal. Once they were done with Palmer, they turned to Annabel. They set their blood-stained fingers on her cheeks and on her neck.\
She raised her arm. It was all she could do to keep that one from getting at her neck. Her mechanical arm was dead weight; its gears were clogged with gore. Exhausted, disarmed, and terrified, she raised her left arm\'97her good arm. It was the only thing she could put between the zombie and her throat.\
She felt a clump of hair tear out of her scalp, but suddenly she couldn\'92t see again. Her hair was in her face. She couldn\'92t see the dead man\'92s jaws close around her arm. But she could feel it.\
He clamped down until his rotten teeth ripped through the fabric of her shirt and bit into her arm.\
Suddenly, she heard gunfire, and she felt the cold hands being pried off of her. She dealt with the one on her arm, bashing him in the skull with her own, until his brittle bones caved in, and he stumbled back.\
Clutching her wounded arm, she broke his legs with a sharp kick, and he fell to the ground. With a cry of rage and adrenaline, she stomped on his skull with her boot, killing him.\
Panting with exhaustion, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8DE0BFF1-8E97-4F56-AB0F-3DFB96ED6C0F"}}{\fldrslt her face and hair slick with cold, resinous blood}}, she turned to see whoever had saved her. At first, she\'92d thought it was Roderick, firing his pepper-pot pistol.\
But it was Jonathan she found before her. He was looking at her with a mixture of horror and relief. She offered him a smile, which given her current state, was probably not very comforting.\
\'93What took you so long?\'94 she asked. She\'92d intended it to sound playful, teasing, but relief crept into her voice.\
Ignoring the question, he took a cautious step towards her. The last of the zombies were dead. She saw Roderick in the corner of her eye, leaning on his cane. She was glad to see he\'92d survived the fight.\
\'93You\'92ve been bitten,\'94 said Jonathan.\
Annabel nodded.\
\'93We should amputate,\'94 he said. \'93Palmer said that might stop the virus from spreading.\'94\
\'93There\'92s no way in hell you\'92re taking my other arm,\'94 she said. \'93Besides, I\'92ve already been exposed to Lazarus. If it hasn\'92t killed me yet, I might 
\i actually
\i0  be immune. We\'92ll have to wait and see what happens. Kill me if I turn zombie, but you\'92re not taking my damn arm.\'94\
\'93Alright, alright,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93We won\'92t take your arm. I\'92m just\'85I\'92m glad you\'92re alive.\'94}