{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Chapter 1\
\'93It is needless to say that women make the most patient as well as the most dangerous pickpockets.\'94\
\
- Harry Houdini\
\
Chapter 2\
\'93Have mercy, Heaven! Oh, do not look upon me with those dead eyes!\'94\
\
- The String of Pearls\
\
Chapter 3\
\'93The greatest inventors are the newspaper men.\'94\
\
- Alexander Graham Bell\
\
Chapter 4\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5CF078DB-565D-4B04-A9AA-230A2C24C857"}}{\fldrslt \'93Where there is no imagination, there is no horror\'94}}\
\
- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle\
\
Chapter 5\
\'93Murders and attempts at assassination are matters of very common occurrence amongst you, then?\'94\
\
- George W.M. Reynolds (Wagner, The Wehr-Wolf)\
\
Chapter 6\
\'93How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads; to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly.\'94\
\
- Bram Stoker\
\
Chapter 7\
\'93There can be no question that that of the professional thief is a bitterly severe and laborious occupation, beset with privations that moral people have no conception of, and involves an amount of mental anxiety and torment that few human beings can withstand through a long lifetime.\'94\
\
- James Greenwood (The Seven Curses of London)\
\
Chapter 8\
\'93He raised his glass glimmering pallidly in the light\'97his words, his manner, fascinated me, and a curious thrill ran through my brains. There was something spectral in his expression too, as though the skeleton of the man had become suddenly visible beneath its fleshly covering\'97as though Death had for a moment peered through the veil of Life...\'94\
\
- Marie Corelli\
\
Chapter 9\
\'93\'85The wind came out of the cloud by night\
Chilling and killing my Annabel Lee.\'94\
\
- Edgar Allen Poe\
\
Chapter 10\
\'93One death to a man is a serious thing\'94\
\
- Sir Richard Francis Burton\
\
Chapter 11\
\'93The earth belongs to the living, not to the dead.\'94\
\
- Thomas Jefferson\
\
Chapter 12\
\'93Tis strange what a change comes over masses of men as they gaze upon a dead body.\'94\
\
- James Malcolm Rymer (Varney The Vampire)\
\
Chapter 13\
\'93The boundaries which divide life from death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where one ends and the other begins?\'94\
\
- Edgar Allen Poe\
\
Chapter 14\
\'93A woman\'92s guess is much more accurate than a man\'92s certainty\'94\
\
- Rudyard Kipling\
\
Chapter 15\
\'93Oh! If it were true that the spirits of the departed are allowed to revisit the earth for certain purposes and on particular occasions\'97if the belief of superstition were well founded, and night could be peopled with the ghosts and spectres of those who sleep in troubled graves\'97what a place of ineffable horrors\'97what a scene of terrible sights, would Newgate be at midnight!\'94\
\
- George W.M. Reynolds, 
\i The Mysteries of London
\i0 \
\
Chapter 16\
\'93Invention, it must be humbly admitted, does not consist in creating out of void, but out of chaos.\'94\
\
- Mary Shelley\
\
Chapter 17\
\'93I have often been asked why I am so fond of playing male parts. As a matter of fact, it is not male parts, but male brains that I prefer.\'94\
\
- Sarah Bernhardt\
\
Chapter 18\
\'93Life isn\'92t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj
\cf0 - George Bernard Shaw\
\
Chapter 19\
\'93Must have a quid for my quo, as the parsons say.\'94 \
\
- James Malcolm Rymer (Varney The Vampire)\
\
Chapter 20\
\'93I am the green Fairy\
My robe is the color of despair\
I have nothing in common with the fairies of the past\
What I need is blood, red and hot\'94\
\
- Marie Corelli\
\
Chapter 21\
\'93Yes\'97that\'92s my name and profession,\'94 said the man. \'93My godfathers and godmothers called me Anthony, and my parents had previously blessed me with the honourable appellation of Tidkins: so you may know me as Anthony Tidkins, the Resurrection Man.\'94\
\
- George W.M. Reynolds, 
\i The Mysteries Of London
\i0 \
\
Chapter 22\
\'93Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.\'94\
\
- Oscar Wilde\
\
Chapter 23\
\'93The most racking pangs succeeded: a grinding in the bones, deadly nausea, and a horror of the spirit that cannot be exceeded at the hour of birth or death.\'94\
\
- Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde\
\
Chapter 24
\i \
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1

\i0 \cf0 \'93Newgate is a gloomy-looking, ancient building. It is the beau ideal of prison architecture, with hardly any windows, with here and there an empty niche, or some dilapidated carvings; all besides is gloomy, stony, and cold.\'94\
\
- Max Schlesinger, 
\i Saunterings In and About London\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj
\cf0 \
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj

\i0 \cf0 Chapter 25
\i \
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1

\i0 \cf0 \'93There have arisen in every country, and in every age, celebrated women criminals whose daring deeds have become part of history.\'94\
\
- Harry Houdini\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj
\cf0 \
Chapter 26\
\'93There are two powers in the world; one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a great competition and rivalry between the two. There is a third power stronger than both, that of the women.\'94\
\
- Muhammad Ali Jinnah\
\
Chapter 27
\i \

\i0 \'93The dismal quarter of Soho seen under these changing glimpses, with its muddy ways, and slatternly passengers, and its lamps, which had never been extinguished or had been kindled afresh to combat this mournful re-invasion of darkness, seemed\'85like a district of some city in a nightmare.\'94\
\
- Robert Louis Stevenson
\i \
\

\i0 Chapter 28
\i \

\i0 \'93Modest lamentation is the right of the dead;\
Excessive grief is the enemy of the living.\'94\
\
- Shakespeare
\i \
\

\i0 Chapter 29\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1
\cf0 \'93All was a scene of terror and confusion. It seemed to the affrighted assembly as if the dead had risen from their graves.\'94\
\
- Anonymous, 
\i The Skeleton Crew
\i0 \
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj
\cf0 \
Chapter 30\
\'93He turned round - and his eyes encountered the cadaverous and sinister countenance of the Resurrection Man.\'94\
\
- George W.M. Reynolds, 
\i The Mysteries Of London
\i0 \
\
Chapter 31
\i \

\i0 \'93While there is tea, there is hope.\'94\
\
- Sir Arthur Wing Pinero
\i \

\i0 \
Chapter 32\
\'93Memories may escape the action of the will, may sleep a long time, but when stirred by the right influence, though that influence be light as a shadow, they flash into full stature and life with everything in place.\'94\
\
- John Muir\
\
Chapter 33\
\'93I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.\'94\
\
- Woodrow Wilson
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Chapter 34\
\'93Anthony Tidkins was dressed in a most miserable manner\'85 He was thin and emaciated; his eyes were sunken; his cheeks hollow; and his entire countenance more cadaverous and ghastly than ever.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 - George W.M. Reynolds, 
\i The Mysteries Of London\

\i0 \
Chapter 35\
\'93There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.\'94\
\
- Andr\'e9 Gide\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj

\i \cf0 \
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj

\i0 \cf0 Chapter 36\
\'93It is to be hoped, that you will be upon your guard; and, out of doors, speak with caution of what may be passing here, especially with respect to dead bodies.\'94\
\
- William Hunter}