{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93One has to pay dearly for immortality; one has to die several times while one is still alive.\'94\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1
\cf0 \
Friedrich Nietzsche\
\
\'93Sometimes I\'92ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.\'94\
\
- Lewis Carroll\
\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1\qj
\cf0 \'93Memories may escape the action of the will, may sleep a long time, but when stirred by the right influence, though that influence be light as a shadow, they flash into full stature and life with everything in place.\'94\
\
- John Muir\
\pard\tx214\pardeftab720\li1167\fi282\ri-1
\cf0 \
\'93All human beings are commingled out of good and evil.\'94\
\
- Robert Louis Stevenson\
\
\'93A tool is usually more simple than a machine; it is generally used with the hand, whilst a machine is frequently moved by animal or steam power.\'94\
\
- Charles Babbage\
\
\'93The man who can keep a secret may be wise, but he is not half as wise as the man with no secrets to keep.\'94\
\
- E.W. Howe\
\
\'93Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.\'94\
\
- Benjamin Franklin\
\
\'93There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.\'94\
\
- Gilbert K Chesterton\
\
\'93The one important phenomenon presented by modern society is the enormous prosperity of fools.\'94\
\
- Wilkie Collins\
\
\'93There are mysteries which men can only guess at, which age by age they may solve only in part\'94\
\
- Bram Stoker\
\
\'93There can be no possible question that cold is felt much more keenly in the thin air of nineteen thousand feet than it is below.\'94\
\
- Hudson Stuck\
\
\'93Then these agonies began swiftly to subside, and I came to myself as if out of a great sickness. There was something strange in my sensations, something indescribably sweet. I felt younger, lighter, happier in body; within I was conscious of a heady recklessness, a current of disordered sensual images running like a millrace in my fancy, a solution of the bonds of obligation, an unknown but innocent freedom of the soul. I knew myself, at the first breath of this new life, to be more wicked, tenfold more wicked, sold a slave to my original evil and the thought, in that moment, braced and delighted me like wine.\'94\
- Robert Louis Stevenson, 
\i The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde\

\i0 \
\'93This was the shocking thing; that the slime of the pit seemed to utter cries and voices; that the amorphous dust gesticulated and sinned; that what was dead, and had no shape, should usurp the offices of life. And this again, that that insurgent horror was knit to him closer than a wife, closer than an eye; lay caged in his flesh, where he heard it mutter and felt it struggle to be born; and at every hour of weakness, and in the confidence of slumber, prevailed against him, and deposed him out of life.\'94\
\'a0\'a0\'a0- Robert Louis Stevenson, 
\i The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde\

\i0 \
\'93It was for one minute that I saw him, but the hair stood upon my head like quills. Sir, if that was my master, why had he a mask upon his face?\'94\
\
- Robert Louis Stevenson, 
\i The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
\i0 \
\
But, lo! what awful change is taking place in the form of that doomed being? His handsome countenance elongates into one of savage and brute-like shape\'94\
\
- Wagner the Wehr-Wolf\
\
\'93Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.\'94\
\
- Marcus Aurelius\
\
\'93Our dead are never dead to us\'85\'94\
George Eliot\
\
\'93Many a poor soul has had to suffer from\'85finding no rest or peace after death.\'94\
- Lady Gregory\
\
\'93I learned to recognise the thorough and primitive duality of man; I saw that, of the two natures that contended in the field of my consciousness, even if I could rightly be said to be either, it was only because I was radically both.\
- Robert Louis Stevenson\
\
\'93My profession is after all my only fit wife...\'94\
- Isambard Kingdom Brunel\
\
\'93A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, a mere heart of stone.\'94\
- Charles Darwin\
\
\'93Glory to Man in the highest! For man is the master of things!\'94\
- Algernon Charles Swinburne\
\
\'93Today\'92s scientists have substituted mathematics for experiments, and they wander off through equation after equation, and eventually build a structure which has no relation to reality.\'94\
- Nikola Tesla\
\
\'93Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth\'94\
- Henry David Thoreau\
\
\'93It is the infinitesimal quantity of trash that may be palmed off for a penny that serves as the carrion bait to attract towards it the blow-flies of the book trade.\'94\
- James Greenwood, The Wilds of London\
\
\'93The fog came pouring in at every chink and keyhole, and was so dense\'85that\'85the houses opposite were mere phantoms.\'94\
- Charles Dickens}