{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Henry Charles Ocelot\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Role in Story:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 Support (Acquaintance of Mr. Parson Sinews and member of Mr. Sinews\'92 secret society.)\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Occupation:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 Owner of several establishments where a man might indulge himself in any number of deadly sins. For example, Mr. Ocelot had somehow managed to produce documents which supported his claim of being a legitimate pharmacist; his customers and clients were his patients, and they affectionately dubbed him The Apothecary. And in return, he doled out prescriptions for opium and cocaine\'97for a price, of course. Prostitution and gambling were also among his business ventures, and Ocelot was a genius at business, marketing, and against all odds avoiding around inconveniences like legality, morality, and the fact that he was a former Haitian slave.\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
Physical Description:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 The former Haitian slave and plantation worker had rough skin and scars covering most of his night-black face. The man\'92s thickly muscled neck was adorned with a necklace of brass-painted bone. His right eye was red as blood\'97even the whites of his eye were red. When he smiled, it revealed a set of yellowing teeth, many of them chipped or filled with gold.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Personality:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 Stoic\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Habits/Mannerisms:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 Despite Ocelot\'92s questionably moral business practices and appearances, the man himself was the perfect gentleman. Articulate, intelligent, and sharp-witted, he had a voice that was rich and deep but utterly smooth.\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Background:	\
\
\pard\tx0\tx0\pardeftab720
\cf0 HC Ocelot is a former slave turned trader and the owner of several opium dens. A friend and associate of Parson Sinews.\
\
A disreputable gentleman, he deals mainly in opium, but has recently expanded his wares to include both heroine and the white powder made from the coca leaf that we call cocaine.\
\
Haitian in origin, Henry Ocelot is also a practitioner of that dark Haitian magic known as Hoodoo.\
\pard\tx0\tx0\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 At one point, Charles was taken captive by Dr. Allen, who intended to use him in his experiments. Charles later escaped.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Internal Conflicts:	\
\
	External Conflicts:	 \
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Notes:	}