{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel Grey arrives at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade with only one thing on her mind\'97robbing Lord Connor blind. But when Annabel breaks into his study, she quickly realizes something is dreadfully wrong with Connor. He violently attacks her, giving Annabel no choice but to put a bullet in his head. She still manages to break into Connor\'92s safe, but not before she\'92s interrupted by Jonathan Grimmer.\
Jonathan, heir to the Grimmer Publishing Company, has ulterior motives of his own when he heads to Connor\'92s ball. He suspects Connor is a member of the Resurrectionists, a secret society of scientists believed to be connected to a series of brutal murders. His hopes of confronting Connor are dashed when he discovers Connor dead at the hands of Annabel.\
Ever resourceful, Annabel turns the situation to her favor and forces an alliance with Jonathan. There\'92s no honor among thieves, though; when she has a chance, she abandons him with the body. As she makes her escape, however, she runs into a number of Resurrectionists, who demand she hand over the package from Connor\'92s safe. They open the package, which contains a vial of green liquid. Annabel has no choice but to watch in horror, as the Resurrectionists use a mechanical device to convert the green liquid into a deadly vapor, killing Connor\'92s guests. Annabel barely makes it out alive.\
 Meanwhile, Jonathan flees from another group of Resurrectionists. He decides to pay a visit to his friend, Roderick Steen, who once helped the police with their Resurrectionist investigation. Roderick suggests Jonathan pay a visit to Parson Sinews, an expert on the Resurrectionists, while Roderick heads to Connor\'92s mansion himself.\
As Jonathan learns what he can from Parson Sinews, Annabel makes some startling discoveries of her own. The sickness that caused Connor to attack her is called the Lazarus Virus. More unsettling still, that\'92s what was in the green vial in Connor\'92s safe. At the center of the Resurrectionists\'92 activities is a man from Annabel\'92s past\'97Anthony Tidkins, better known as The Resurrection Man.\
At the Connor mansion, Roderick learns that the police suspect Parson Sinews is the Resurrection Man, but he has little time to worry about this, as Connor\'92s guests begin to rise from the dead. Roderick and the police are forced to flee, as the dead seem intent on killing and eating them.\
From Parson Sinews, Jonathan learns of the Resurrectionists\'92 plans to use London as a testing ground for the Lazarus Virus. They call it the Dead London Project. Before he can learn more, the police come knocking at Sinews\'92 door, and arrest Sinews, claiming he is the Resurrection Man. While Jonathan believes Sinews is innocent, there\'92s nothing he can do to prevent his arrest. As Sinews is taken away, Jonathan witnesses the beginnings of the Dead London Project; zombies begin to spread through London.\
Hoping to learn more about the Resurrectionists, Annabel searches for Jonathan Grimmer; Jonathan suspected Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist, which leads Annabel to believe he may know something about the secret scientific society. She doesn\'92t find Jonathan, but she does find a connection between the Grimmer Company and the Resurrectionists. She also finds a hidden elevator, which takes her down into an underground facility. Here, she meets Dr. Jekyll, a Resurrectionist who is studying zombies. He knocks her out with a poisoned dart, and she wakes up in a cell, still underground. In the adjacent cell is Parson Sinews.\
After Roderick and the policemen escape Connor\'92s zombie-ridden mansion, they discover that the zombie plague has spread beyond the lord\'92s manor. Based on the policemen\'92s suspicion that Parson Sinews is the Resurrection Man, they search for him at Newgate Prison, knowing that he\'92s been arrested. If Sinews is responsible for the plague, perhaps he knows of a cure. So, seeking answers, they head to Newgate, which is overrun by the walking dead. The policemen are killed, and Roderick is trapped in a prison cell.\
Jonathan heads to the Grimmer Publishing Company, hoping that the editor, Mr. Palmer, may know more about the Resurrectionists. After all, Palmer and Jonathan\'92s father published a number of articles on the Resurrectionists, in one of the company\'92s newspapers. He learns that Palmer and his father had been hunting zombies for years, even before the Resurrectionists released their zombie plague. Beneath the company is a secret research facility used by Palmer and Mr. Grimmer to fight zombies. The lab has been taken over by the Resurrectionists, but Palmer has apparently convinced the Resurrectionists that he is on their side. Jonathan demands to see the lab. When they head down into the underground facility, they run into Annabel, who has managed to escape her cell. They assist her in her escape and decide to regroup aboard the Grimmer Company airship.\
Having sent his crew to Newgate to look for Parson Sinews, Jonathan is surprised and relieved to find Roderick aboard the airship. He learns that Parson Sinews was not at Newgate, but in the underground facility beneath the Grimmer Company. He also learns, from Annabel, that Sinews is not the Resurrection Man. Annabel believes the Resurrection Man is actually Jack Bernhardt, her adoptive father.\
As the zombie plague continues to spread, Roderick\'92s lover, R\'e9my, is killed. Roderick vows vengeance on the Resurrection Man, but Palmer reminds the crew that the Resurrectionists may be the only people capable of finding a cure for the Lazarus Virus. After all, they\'92ve been studying the virus for years.\
With that in mind, the crew decides to steal the Resurrectionists\'92 research. They break into the underground facility, but Palmer betrays them. He believes the Resurrectionists\'92 are their only hope of finding a cure, and that their research alone will not be enough. His betrayal nearly costs Annabel her life, but in the end, it\'92s Palmer that winds up dead. When she confronts the Resurrection Man, she can\'92t bring herself to kill him, but Roderick puts a bullet in his head without a second thought.\
The remaining Resurrectionists manage to escape, and Roderick, Jonathan, and Annabel retreat to the airship. London is completely overrun by the zombies by now, and they are forced to flee the city. As they fly off, they learn that a wall has been erected, quarantining the city. The wall is manned by Resurrectionists, who try to prevent their escape. With the help of the airship crew, Jonathan, Annabel, and Roderick battle their way out of the city and leave London behind.}