{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Bryce Raffle\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:brycekraffle@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt brycekraffle@gmail.com}}\
778.791.0446\
6207 Buchanan Street\
Burnaby, BC, Canada\
V5B 2S4\
\
98,000 words\
\
Dead London is a steampunk zombie novel, complete at 98,000 words. When Annabel Grey, a thief with a mechanical eye, decides to rob Lord Connor, she gets more than she\'92s bargained for. Connor is a zombie, intent on eating her flesh. With Jonathan Grimmer, heir to the Grimmer Publishing Company, and Roderick Steen, artist and police consultant, as her allies, Annabel must fight to survive in a city that\'92s quickly becoming overrun by zombies. And the walking dead aren\'92t the only danger to contend with. There\'92s also the Resurrectionists, a secret society of scientists, wanted by the police in connection with a series of brutal murders. At the center of the Resurrectionists is Anthony Tidkins, the very man who gave Annabel her clockwork eye.\
Dead London is the first in the Penny Dreadful series, which follows Annabel, Roderick, and Jonathan through a series of confrontations with zombies, Resurrectionists, and airship battles. The sequel, London Fog, is in progress.\
I worked as the Lead Writer on the Ironclad Games\'92 multiplayer fantasy, Sins of a Dark Age. I have a Bachelor of Arts in English, and won the Dallas Taylor Memorial Prize for academic excellence in Creative Writing. My short story, Tea Time, was published in the Denizens of Steam anthology, which was nominated for Best Anthology in the Preditors and Editors poll. Dead London is my first novel.\
I have included a synopsis, as well as the first few chapters, for your consideration.\
\
- Bryce Raffle}